{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern Consolas;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Consolas;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset129 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red20\green20\blue20;\red142\green142\blue142;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 etudiant@firewall:~$ whoami\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 etudiant\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 etudiant@firewall:~$\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 etudiant@firewall:~$\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 etudiant@firewall:~$\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 etudiant@firewall:~$ wget -O splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb 'https://www.splunk.com/bin/splunk/DownloadActivityServlet?architecture=x86_64&platform=linux&version=8.2.0&product=universalforwarder&filename=splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb&wget=true'\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 --2021-06-14 15:44:39--  https://www.splunk.com/bin/splunk/DownloadActivityServlet?architecture=x86_64&platform=linux&version=8.2.0&product=universalforwarder&filename=splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb&wget=true\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 R\'e9solution de www.splunk.com (www.splunk.com)\'85 88.221.198.40, 88.221.198.60\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Connexion \'e0 www.splunk.com (www.splunk.com)|88.221.198.40|:443\'85 connect\'e9.\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 requ\'eate HTTP transmise, en attente de la r\'e9ponse\'85 302 Moved Temporarily\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Emplacement\~: https://download.splunk.com/products/universalforwarder/releases/8.2.0/linux/splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb [suivant]\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 --2021-06-14 15:44:40--  https://download.splunk.com/products/universalforwarder/releases/8.2.0/linux/splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 R\'e9solution de download.splunk.com (download.splunk.com)\'85 52.84.174.101, 52.84.174.125, 52.84.174.7, ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Connexion \'e0 download.splunk.com (download.splunk.com)|52.84.174.101|:443\'85 connect\'e9.\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 requ\'eate HTTP transmise, en attente de la r\'e9ponse\'85 200 OK\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Taille\~: 25877264 (25M) [application/octet-stream]\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Sauvegarde en\~: \'ab\~splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb\~\'bb\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053e 100%[===========================================>]  24,68M  8,90MB/s    ds 2,8s\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 2021-06-14 15:44:43 (8,90 MB/s) \emdash  \'ab\~splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb\~\'bb sauvegard\'e9 [25877264/25877264]\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 etudiant@firewall:~$ /opt/splunkforwarder/bin/splunk enable boot-start\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 -bash: /opt/splunkforwarder/bin/splunk: Aucun fichier ou dossier de ce type\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 etudiant@firewall:~$ sudo dpkg -i splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 [sudo] Mot de passe de etudiant\~:\~\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 etudiant n'appara\'eet pas dans le fichier sudoers. Cet \'e9v\'e9nement sera signal\'e9.\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 etudiant@firewall:~$ su\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Mot de passe :\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 etudiant@firewall:~$ su\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Mot de passe :\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# sudo dpkg -i splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 S\'e9lection du paquet splunkforwarder pr\'e9c\'e9demment d\'e9s\'e9lectionn\'e9.\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 (Lecture de la base de donn\'e9es... 140985 fichiers et r\'e9pertoires d\'e9j\'e0 install\'e9s.)\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Pr\'e9paration du d\'e9paquetage de splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 D\'e9paquetage de splunkforwarder (8.2.0) ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Param\'e9trage de splunkforwarder (8.2.0) ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 /var/lib/dpkg/info/splunkforwarder.postinst: ligne 74: curl : commande introuvable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 complete\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# sudo apt-get install -y curl\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Lecture des listes de paquets... Fait\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Construction de l'arbre des d\'e9pendances\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Lecture des informations d'\'e9tat... Fait\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Les paquets suppl\'e9mentaires suivants seront install\'e9s\~:\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0   libcurl4\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Les NOUVEAUX paquets suivants seront install\'e9s\~:\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0   curl\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Les paquets suivants seront mis \'e0 jour\~:\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0   libcurl4\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 1 mis \'e0 jour, 1 nouvellement install\'e9s, 0 \'e0 enlever et 107 non mis \'e0 jour.\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Il est n\'e9cessaire de prendre 265 ko/597 ko dans les archives.\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Apr\'e8s cette op\'e9ration, 412 ko d'espace disque suppl\'e9mentaires seront utilis\'e9s.\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 R\'e9ception de\~:1 http://security.debian.org/debian-security buster/updates/main amd64 curl amd64 7.64.0-4+deb10u2 [265 kB]\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 265 ko r\'e9ceptionn\'e9s en 0s (4\f0\u8239?068 ko/s)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 apt-listchanges\~: Lecture des fichiers de modifications (\'ab\~changelog\~\'bb)...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 (Lecture de la base de donn\'e9es... 141468 fichiers et r\'e9pertoires d\'e9j\'e0 install\'e9s.)\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Pr\'e9paration du d\'e9paquetage de .../libcurl4_7.64.0-4+deb10u2_amd64.deb ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 D\'e9paquetage de libcurl4:amd64 (7.64.0-4+deb10u2) sur (7.64.0-4+deb10u1) ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 S\'e9lection du paquet curl pr\'e9c\'e9demment d\'e9s\'e9lectionn\'e9.\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Pr\'e9paration du d\'e9paquetage de .../curl_7.64.0-4+deb10u2_amd64.deb ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 D\'e9paquetage de curl (7.64.0-4+deb10u2) ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Param\'e9trage de libcurl4:amd64 (7.64.0-4+deb10u2) ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Param\'e9trage de curl (7.64.0-4+deb10u2) ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Traitement des actions diff\'e9r\'e9es (\'ab\~triggers\~\'bb) pour man-db (2.8.5-2)\~...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Traitement des actions diff\'e9r\'e9es (\'ab\~triggers\~\'bb) pour libc-bin (2.28-10)\~...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# sudo dpkg -i splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 (Lecture de la base de donn\'e9es... 141476 fichiers et r\'e9pertoires d\'e9j\'e0 install\'e9s.)\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Pr\'e9paration du d\'e9paquetage de splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This looks like an upgrade of an existing Splunk Server. Attempting to stop the installed Splunk Server...\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 splunkd is not running.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 D\'e9paquetage de splunkforwarder (8.2.0) sur (8.2.0) ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Param\'e9trage de splunkforwarder (8.2.0) ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 complete\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# /opt/splunkforwarder/bin/splunk enable boot-start\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 SPLUNK GENERAL TERMS\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Last updated: February 13, 2020\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 These Splunk General Terms ("General Terms") between\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk Inc., a Delaware corporation, with its principal place\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of business at 270 Brannan Street, San Francisco,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 California 94107, U.S.A ("Splunk" or "we" or "us" or "our")\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and you ("Customer" or "you" or "your") apply to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchase of licenses and subscriptions for Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offerings. By clicking on the appropriate button, or by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 downloading, installing, accessing or using the Offerings,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you agree to these General Terms. If you are entering into\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 these General Terms on behalf of Customer, you represent\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that you have the authority to bind Customer. If you do not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 agree to these General Terms, or if you are not authorized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to accept the General Terms on behalf of the Customer, do\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not download, install, access, or use any of the Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 See the General Terms Definitions Exhibit attached for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 definitions of capitalized terms not defined herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 1. License Rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) General Rights. You have the nonexclusive, worldwide,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     nontransferable and nonsublicensable right, subject to payment of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Fees and compliance with the terms of these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms, to use your Purchased Offerings for your Internal Business\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purposes during the Term and up to the Capacity purchased.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Copies for On-Premise Products. You have the right to make a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonable number of copies of On-Premise Products for archival\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and back-up purposes.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Splunk Extensions. You may use Splunk Extensions in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     connection with the applicable Purchased Offering subject to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     same terms and conditions for that Offering (including with respect\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to Term) and payment of any Fees associated with the Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extensions. Some Splunk Extensions may be made available under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     license terms that provide broader rights than the license rights you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have to the applicable underlying Offering (e.g., if the Extension is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Open Source Software). These broader rights will apply to that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk Extension. Splunk Extensions may be installed on Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services pursuant to our instructions.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Trials, Evaluations, Beta and Free Licenses.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (i) Trials and Evaluations. Offerings provided for trials and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     evaluations, as specified in an Order, are provided at no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     charge, and their use will be for the specified limited duration.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (ii) Beta Licenses. Some Offerings may be available to you as a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     preview, or as an alpha, beta or other pre-release version\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (each, a "Beta Offering"). All rights for Beta Offerings are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     solely for internal testing and evaluation.  Your use of a Beta\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering will be for the term specified by us, and if no term is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     specified, then for the earlier of one year from the start date of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the Beta Offering or when that version of the Beta Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     becomes generally available.  We may discontinue the Beta\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering at any time and may decide not to make any of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     features and functionality generally available\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (iii) Free Licenses. From time to time, we may make certain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offerings available for full use (i.e., not subject to limited\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     evaluation purposes) at no charge. These free Offerings may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have limited features, functions and other technical limitations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Test and Development Licenses.  For Offerings identified as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     "Test and Development" Offerings on your Order, you only have the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     right to use those Offerings up to the applicable Capacity on a non-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     production system for non-production uses, including product\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     migration testing or pre-production staging, or testing new data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     sources, types, or use cases.  Test and Development Offerings\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     may not be used for any revenue generation, commercial activity,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or other productive business or purpose.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (F) Limitations.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     General Terms, we do not provide maintenance and support,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranties, or indemnification for Test and Development Offerings,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     trials, evaluations, or free or Beta Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 2. Purchasing Through Authorized Resellers\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 If you purchase Offerings through a Splunk authorized reseller, these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 General Terms will govern those Offerings. Your payment obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 for the Purchased Offerings will be with the authorized reseller, not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk. You will have no direct Fee payment obligations to Splunk for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 those Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Any terms agreed to between you and the authorized reseller that are in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 addition to these General Terms are solely between you and the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 authorized reseller. No agreement between you and an authorized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 reseller is binding on Splunk, or will have any force or effect with respect\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to the rights in, or the operation, use or provision of, the Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 3. Your Contractors and Third Party Providers\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You may permit your authorized consultants, contractors, and agents\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ("Third Party Providers") to access and use your Purchased Offerings,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 but only on your behalf in connection with providing services to you, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subject to the terms and conditions of these General Terms. Any access\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 or use by a Third Party Provider will be subject to the same limitations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and restrictions that apply to you under these General Terms, and you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will be responsible for any Third Party Provider's actions relating to or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use of the Offering. The aggregate use by you and all of your Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Party Providers must not exceed the Capacity purchased, and nothing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in this Section is intended to or will be deemed to increase such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capacity.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 4. Hosted Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Service Levels. When you purchase Hosted Services as a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering, we will make the applicable Hosted Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     available to you during the Term in accordance with these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms.  If a Service Level Schedule applies to your Hosted Service\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (as identified in the Specific Hosted Services Terms referenced in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Section 4(I) below), the Service Level Schedule and associated\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     remedies will apply to the availability and uptime of the Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Service. If applicable, service credits will be available for downtime\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in accordance with the Service Level Schedule.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Data Protection. Please refer to Sections 9 and 10 below for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information on Splunk's security and data protection programs for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     our Hosted Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Maintaining Protections. Notwithstanding anything to contrary in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms, or any policy or terms referenced herein via\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hyperlink (or any update thereto), Splunk may not, during a Term\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     materially diminish the security protections provided by the controls\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     set for the Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Connections. You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     telecommunications, broadband and computer equipment and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     services needed to access and use Hosted Services, and for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     paying all associated charges.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Your Responsibility for Data Protection. You are responsible for:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (i) selecting from the security configurations and security options\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     made available by Splunk in connection with a Hosted Service; (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     taking additional measures outside of the Hosted Service to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     extent the Hosted Service Offering does not provide the controls\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that may be required or desired by you; and (iii) routine archiving\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and backing up of Customer Content. You agree to notify Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     immediately if you believe that an unauthorized third party may be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     using your accounts or if your account information is lost or stolen.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (F) Data Restrictions.  You may not transmit and/or store PHI Data,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     PC&I Data or ITAR Data within the Hosted Services unless you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have specifically purchased a Purchased Offering for that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable regulated Hosted Services environment (as identified in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     an Order).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (G) Refund Upon Termination for Splunk's Breach. If a Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Service is terminated by you for Splunk's uncured material breach\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in accordance with these General Terms, Splunk will refund you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any prepaid subscription fees covering the remainder of the Term\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     after the effective date of termination.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (H) Return of Customer Content. Customer Content may be retrieved\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     by you and removed from the Hosted Services in accordance with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the applicable Documentation. We will make the Customer Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     available on the Hosted Services for thirty (30) days after\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     termination of a subscription for your retrieval. After that thirty (30)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     day period, we will have no obligation to maintain the storage of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your Customer Content, and you hereby authorize us thereafter to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     delete all remaining Customer Content, unless we are otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     legally prohibited from doing so. If you require assistance in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     connection with migration of your Customer Content, depending on\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the nature of the request, we may require a mutually agreed upon\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     fee for assistance.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (I) Specific Hosted Services Terms.  Specific security controls and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     certifications, data policies, service descriptions, Service Level\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Schedules and other terms specific to Hosted Services ("Specific\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Services Terms") are set forth here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     www.splunk.com/SpecificTerms, and will apply as applicable.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 5. Support and Maintenance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Your Purchased Offerings may include support and maintenance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 services as part of your purchase. The specific Support Program\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchased with a Purchased Offering will be identified in the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Order. Splunk will provide the purchased level of support and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 maintenance services in accordance with the terms of the Support\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Exhibit attached to these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 6. Configuration and Implementation Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk offers standard services to implement and configure your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Purchased Offerings, subject to the payment of the Fees for these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 services in an Order, and the terms of the Configuration and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Implementation Services Exhibit attached to these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 7. Use Restrictions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Except as expressly permitted in an Order or our Documentation, you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 agree not to (nor allow any third party to): (a) reverse engineer (except\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to the extent specifically permitted by statutory law), decompile,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover source code or underlying\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 structures, ideas or algorithms of any Offering; (b) modify, translate or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 create derivative works based on the Offerings; (c) use an Offering for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 service bureau purposes, or for any purpose other than your own\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Internal Business Purposes; (d) resell, transfer or distribute any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering; (e) access or use any Offering in order to monitor its\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 availability, performance, or functionality for competitive purposes; (f)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 attempt to disable or circumvent any license key or other technological\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 mechanisms or measures intended to prevent, limit or control use or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 copying of, or access to, Offerings; (g) separately use any of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable features and functionalities of the Offerings with external\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applications or code not furnished by Splunk or any data not processed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by the Offering; (h) exceed the Capacity purchased or (i) use any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering in violation of all applicable laws and regulations (including but\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not limited to any applicable privacy and intellectual property laws).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 8. Our Ethics, Compliance and Corporate\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Responsibility\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Ethics and Corporate Responsibility. Splunk is committed to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acting ethically and in compliance with applicable law, and we have\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     policies and guidelines in place designed to provide awareness of,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and compliance with, the laws and regulations that apply to our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     business globally. We are committed to ethical business conduct,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and we strive to perform in accordance with the highest global\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ethical principles, as described in the Splunk Code of Conduct and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Ethics found here: https://investors.splunk.com/code-business-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     conduct-and-ethics-1.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Anti-Corruption. We use diligent efforts to implement and maintain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     programs to ensure compliance with applicable anti-corruption and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     anti-bribery laws. Splunk policy prohibits the offering or soliciting of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any illegal or improper bribe, kickback, payment, gift, or thing of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     value to or from any of your employees or agents in connection with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms. If we learn of any violation of the above, we\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will use reasonable efforts to promptly notify you at the main\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     contact address provided by you to Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Export. We certify that Splunk is not on any of the relevant U.S.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     government lists of prohibited persons, including the Treasury\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Department's List of Specially Designated Nationals and the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Commerce Department's List of Denied Persons or Entity List.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Export information regarding our Offerings, including our export\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     control classifications for our Offerings, is found here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     https://www.splunk.com/en_us/legal/export-controls.html.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 9. Data Protection\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk follows globally recognized data protection principles and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 industry-leading standards for the security of personal data.  Splunk is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 self-certified with the U.S. Department of Commerce for the EU-U.S.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks. Splunk's data protection\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 practices are set forth in Splunk Protects and include (as applicable)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 standard terms for the processing of Personal Data as defined under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 GDPR and Personal Information as defined under the CCPA.  Please\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 refer to the applicable Specific Hosted Services Terms that may apply to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 your Purchased Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 10. Security\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) General Security. Splunk's information security management\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     system ("ISMS") is calibrated to protect the confidentiality, integrity\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and availability of customer data. Splunk employees receive\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     regular training on Splunk's security policies and procedures,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     including annual training on secure data handling practices, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     supplemental, targeted trainings as appropriate. Employees are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     background checked and Splunk vendors are risk assessed prior\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to onboarding to determine if their data protection and security\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     practices meet Splunk's standards.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Offering Security. Hosted Services meet industry leading cloud\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security standards appropriate to the nature of service provided,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     e.g., Splunk Cloud HIPAA Offering certified to HIPAA security\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     requirements.  We have commercially reasonable physical,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     technical and procedural measures in place to protect Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Content against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     disclosure to third parties or unauthorized access by employees or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     contractors employed by Splunk. Any specific and additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security controls for a Hosted Service are set forth in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Documentation and Specific Hosted Services Terms\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     www.splunk.com/SpecificTerms.  Third-party certificates of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance issued as part of Splunk's audited third-party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance program are located on Splunk Protects.  In addition,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for On-Premise Products, which are not provided as a service and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     therefore are not audited for compliance, Splunk follows industry\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     standard security controls for the processing of customer data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     accessed or received through activities such as maintenance,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     implementation or configuration services.  Those industry standard\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security controls are set forth in Splunk's Information Security\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Addendum ("ISA") located at www.splunk.com/on-pre-isa.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Product Development Security. Splunk deploys secure software\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     development practices and uses a risk-based approach when\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applying its standard software development lifecycle (SDLC)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     methodology, which may include such things as performing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security architecture reviews, open source security scans, virus\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     detection, dynamic application security testing, network\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     vulnerability scans and external penetration testing in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     development environment.  Product-specific information about the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     SDLC in our Offerings is detailed more fully in the ISA.  Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Product Security Portal contains detailed information about\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk's program for managing and communicating product\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     vulnerabilities.  Splunk categorizes product vulnerabilities in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     accordance with the Common Vulnerability Scoring System\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ("Medium," "High," or "Critical") and uses commercially reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     efforts to remediate vulnerabilities depending on their severity\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     level in accordance with industry standards.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 11. Usage Data\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 From time to time, Splunk may collect Usage Data generated as a by-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 product of your use of Offerings (e.g., technical information about your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 operating environment and sessions, systems architecture, page loads\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and views, product versions, number and type of searches, number of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 users, source type and format). Usage data does not include Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Content. We collect Usage Data for a variety of reasons, such as to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identify, understand, and anticipate performance issues and the factors\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that affect them, to provide updates and personalized experiences to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customers, and to improve the Splunk Offerings.  Details on Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Usage Data collection practices are set forth in Splunk's Privacy Policy.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 12. Capacity and Usage Verification\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Certification. At Splunk's request, you will furnish Splunk a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     certification signed by your authorized representative verifying that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your use of the Purchased Offering is in accordance with these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     General Terms and the applicable Order. Also, if your Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering requires usage reporting (as specified and agreed in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Order), you agree to provide this reporting pursuant to those\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     requirements.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Specific Product Verification. For On-Premise Products, we may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ask you from time to time, but not more frequently than once per\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     calendar period, to cooperate with us to verify usage and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     adherence to purchased Capacities. If Splunk requests a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     verification process, you agree to provide Splunk reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     access to the On-Premise Product installed at your facility (or as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hosted by your Third Party Provider). If Splunk does any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     verification, it will be performed with as little interference as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     possible to your use of the On-Premise Product and your business\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     operations. Splunk will comply with your (or your Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Providers') reasonable security procedures.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Overages. If a verification or usage report reveals that you have\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     exceeded the purchased Capacity or the scope of your license\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     grant for your Purchased Offering (e.g. used as a service bureau)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     during the period reviewed, then we will have the right to invoice\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you using the applicable Fees at list price then in effect, which will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     be payable in accordance with these General Terms.  Without\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     limiting Splunk's foregoing rights, with respect to Hosted Services,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk may work with you to reduce usage so that it conforms to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the applicable usage limit, and we will in good faith discuss\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     options to right size your subscription as appropriate. For the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything to the contrary\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     herein, Splunk will have the right to directly invoice you for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     overages, regardless of whether you purchased the Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering from an authorized reseller. See the Specific Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services Terms for any additional information related to overages\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for a Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 13. Our Use of Open Source\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Certain Offerings may contain Open Source Software. Splunk makes\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 available in the applicable Documentation a list of Open Source\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Software incorporated in our On-Premise Products as required by the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 respective Open Source Software licenses.  Any Open Source Software\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that is delivered as part of your Offering and which may not be removed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 or used separately from the Offering is covered by the warranty, support\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and indemnification provisions applicable to the Offering.  Some of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Open Source Software may have additional terms that apply to the use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of the Offering (e.g., the obligation for us to provide attribution of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 specific licensor), and those terms will be included in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Documentation; however, these terms will not (a) impose any additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 restrictions on your use of the Offering, or (b) negate or amend any of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our responsibilities with respect to the Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 14. Splunk Developer Tools and Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk makes Splunk Developer Tools available to you so you can\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 develop Extensions for use with your Purchased Offerings (Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that you develop, "Customer Extensions").\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You have a nonexclusive, worldwide, nontransferable, nonsublicensable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 right, subject to the terms of these General Terms, to use Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Developer Tools to (a) copy and modify Splunk Developer Tools to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 develop your Customer Extensions, including to support interoperability\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 between the Offering and your system or environment, and (b) distribute\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 your Customer Extensions exclusively for use with the designated\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering.  Your rights are subject to the following conditions: (x) Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 proprietary legends or notices contained in the Splunk Developer Tools\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 may not be removed or altered when used in or with your Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extension; and (y) you may not make any statement that your Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extension is certified or that its performance is guaranteed by Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You retain title to your Customer Extensions, subject to Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ownership in our Offerings and any materials and technology provided\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by Splunk in connection with the Splunk Developer Tools.  If you allow\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 end users of Customer Extensions to modify or distribute the Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions, you will limit such modification or distribution to use with the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 designated Offering only, and will flow down the conditions in (x) and (y)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 above to end users of Customer Extensions.  You agree to assume full\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 responsibility for the performance and distribution of Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 15. Third Party Extensions, Third Party Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and Unsupported Splunk Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Third Party Extensions. Splunk makes no promises or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     guarantees related to Extensions on Splunkbase developed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and/or made available by a third party ("Third-Party Extension").\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk makes Third Party Extensions available for download on\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunkbase as a convenience to its customers. Splunk neither\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     controls nor endorses, nor is Splunk responsible for, any Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Extension, including the accuracy, integrity, quality, legality,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     usefulness or security of the Third Party Extension. Nothing in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms or on Splunkbase will be deemed to be a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     representation or warranty by Splunk with respect to any Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Extension, even if a particular Third Party Extension is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     identified as "certified" or "validated" for use with an Offering. We\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     may, in our reasonable discretion, block or disable access to any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Third Party Extension at any time. Your use of a Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extension is at your own risk and may be subject to any additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terms, conditions and policies applicable to that Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extension (such as license terms, terms of service, or privacy\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     policies of the providers of such Third Party Extension).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Third Party Content. Hosted Services may contain features or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     functions that enable interoperation with Third Party Content that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you, in your sole discretion, choose to add to a Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     You may be required to obtain access separately to such Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Content from the respective providers, and you may be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     required to grant Splunk access to your accounts with such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     providers to the extent necessary for Splunk to allow the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     interoperation with the Hosted Service. By requesting or allowing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk to enable access to such Third Party Content in connection\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     with the Hosted Services, you certify that you are authorized under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the provider's terms to allow such access.   If you install or enable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (or direct or otherwise authorize Splunk to install or enable) Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Content for use with a Hosted Service where the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     interoperation includes access by the third party provider to your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Content, you hereby authorize Splunk to allow the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provider of such Third Party Content to access Customer Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     as necessary for the interoperation. You agree that Splunk is not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible or liable for disclosure, modification or deletion of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Content resulting from access to Customer Content by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     such Third Party Content, nor is Splunk liable for any damages or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     downtime that you may incur or any impact on your experience of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the Hosted Service, directly or indirectly, as a result of your use of,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and/or reliance upon, any Third Party Content, sites or resources.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Unsupported Splunk Extensions. The Service Level Schedule\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     commitments for any applicable Hosted Services will not apply to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk Extensions labeled on Splunkbase as "Not Supported."\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     You agree that Splunk is not responsible for any impact on your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     experience of a Hosted Service as a result of your installation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and/or use of any "Not Supported" Splunk Extensions, and that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your sole remedy will be to remove the "Not Supported" Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extension from the applicable Hosted Service. Further, some\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk Extensions may not be compatible or certified for use with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that Hosted Service (e.g., only specific Splunk Extensions are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     validated for our FedRAMP authorized environment for Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Cloud). Please refer to the applicable Documentation for more\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information related to the Splunk Extensions compatible with your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     specific Purchased Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 16. Your Compliance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Lawful Use of Offerings. When you access and use an Offering,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you are responsible for complying with all laws, rules, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     regulations applicable to your access and use. This includes being\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible for your Customer Content and users, for your users'\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance with these General Terms, and the accuracy, lawful use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of, and the means by which you acquired your Customer Content.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Registration. You agree to provide accurate and complete\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information when you register for and use any Offering and agree\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to keep this information current. Each person who uses any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering must have a separate username and password. For\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Services, you must provide a valid email address for each\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     person authorized to use your Hosted Services, and you may only\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have one person per username and password. Splunk may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonably require additional information in connection with certain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offerings (e.g., technical information necessary for your connection\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to a Hosted Service), and you will provide this information as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonably requested by Splunk. You are responsible for securing,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     protecting and maintaining the confidentiality of your account\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     usernames, passwords and access tokens.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Export Compliance. You will comply with all applicable export\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     laws and regulations of the United States and any other country\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ("Export Laws") where your users use any of the Offerings. You\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     certify that you are not on any of the relevant U.S. government lists\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of prohibited persons, including the Treasury Department's List of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Specially Designated Nationals and the Commerce Department's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     List of Denied Persons or Entity List. You will not export, re-export,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ship, transfer or otherwise use the Offerings in any country subject\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to an embargo or other sanction by the United States, including,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     without limitation, Iran, Syria, Cuba, the Crimea Region of Ukraine,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Sudan and North Korea, and you will not use any Offering for any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     purpose prohibited by the Export Laws.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) GovCloud Services. If you access or use any Hosted Services in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the specially isolated Amazon Web Services ("AWS") GovCloud\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (US) region (including without limitation any Hosted Services that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     are provisioned in a FedRAMP authorized environment), you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     represent and warrant that users will only access the Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region if users: (i) are "US\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Person(s)" as defined under ITAR (see 22 CFR part 120.15); (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have and will maintain a valid Directorate of Defense Trade\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Controls registration, if required by ITAR; (iii) are not subject to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     export control restrictions under US export control laws and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     regulations (i.e.,  users are not  denied or debarred parties or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     otherwise subject to sanctions); and (iv) maintain an effective\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance program to ensure compliance with applicable US\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     export control laws and regulations, including ITAR, as applicable.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     You are responsible for verifying that any user accessing Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Content in the Hosted Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     is eligible to access to such Customer Content.  The Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region may not be used to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     process or store classified data.   You will be responsible for all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     sanitization costs incurred by Splunk if users introduce classified\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     data into the Hosted Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Acceptable Use. Without limiting any terms under these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms, you will also abide by our Hosted Services acceptable use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     policy: https://www.splunk.com/view/SP-CAAAMB6.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 17. Confidentiality\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Confidential Information. Each party will protect the Confidential\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Information of the other. Accordingly, Receiving Party agrees to: (i)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     protect the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information using the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     same degree of care (but in no event less than reasonable care)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of a similar\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     nature; (ii) limit use of Disclosing Party's Confidential Information\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for purposes consistent with these General Terms, and (iii) use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     commercially reasonable efforts to limit access to Disclosing Party's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Confidential Information to its employees, contractors and agents or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     those of its Affiliates who have a bona fide need to access such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Confidential Information for purposes consistent with these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms and who are subject to confidentiality obligations no less\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     stringent than those herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Compelled Disclosure of Confidential Information.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Notwithstanding the foregoing terms, the Receiving Party may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party if it is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compelled by law enforcement agencies or regulators to do so,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provided the Receiving Party gives the Disclosing Party prior notice\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of such compelled disclosure (to the extent legally permitted) and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonable assistance, at the Disclosing Party's cost, if the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Disclosing Party wishes to contest the disclosure. If the Receiving\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party is compelled to disclose the Disclosing Party's Confidential\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Information as part of a civil proceeding to which the Disclosing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party is a Party, and the Disclosing Party is not contesting the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     disclosure, the Disclosing Party will reimburse the Receiving Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for its reasonable cost of compiling and providing secure access to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     such Confidential Information.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 18. Payment\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The payment terms below only apply when you purchase Offerings\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 directly from Splunk. When you purchase from an authorized reseller,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the payment terms are between you and the authorized reseller.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Fees. You agree to pay all Fees specified in the Orders. Fees are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     non-cancelable and non-refundable, except as otherwise expressly\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     set forth in these General Terms. Without limiting any of our other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     rights or remedies herein, overdue charges may accrue interest\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     monthly at the rate of 1.5% of the then-outstanding unpaid balance,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is lower. Fees are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     due and payable either within 30 days from the date of Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     invoice or as otherwise stated in the Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Credit Cards. If you pay by credit or debit card, you: (i) will provide\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk or its designated third-party payment processor with valid\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     credit or debit card information; and (i) hereby authorize Splunk or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     its designated third-party payment processor to charge such credit\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or debit card for all items listed in the applicable Order. Such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     charges must be paid in advance or in accordance with any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     different billing frequency stated in the applicable Order. You are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information and notifying Splunk in a timely manner of any changes\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to such information.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Taxes. All Fees quoted are exclusive of applicable taxes and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     duties, including any applicable sales and use tax. You are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible for paying any taxes or similar government\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assessments (including, without limitation, value-added, sales, use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or withholding taxes).  We will be solely responsible for taxes\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assessable against us based on our net income, property and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     employees\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 19. Splunk's Warranties\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Relationship to Applicable Law. We will not seek to limit our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     liability, or any of your warranties, rights and remedies, to the extent\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the limits are not permitted by applicable law (e.g., warranties,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     remedies or liabilities that cannot be excluded by applicable law).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) General Corporate Warranty. Splunk warrants that it has the legal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     power and authority to enter into these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Hosted Services Warranty.  Splunk warrants that during the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Term: (i) Splunk will not materially decrease the overall\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     functionality of the Hosted Services; and (ii) the Hosted Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will perform materially in accordance with the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Documentation.  Our sole and exclusive liability, and your sole and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     exclusive remedy for any breach of these warranties, will be your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     right to terminate the applicable Hosted Services Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering, and we will refund to you any prepaid but unused Fees for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the remainder of the Term.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) On-Premise Product Warranty. Splunk warrants that for a period\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of ninety (90) days from the Delivery of an On-Premise Product, the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     On-Premise Product will substantially perform the material\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     functions described in the applicable Documentation for such On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Premise Product, when used in accordance with the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Documentation. Splunk's sole liability, and your sole remedy, for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any failure of the On-Premise Product to conform to the foregoing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranty, is for Splunk to do one of the following (at Splunk's sole\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     option and discretion) (i) modify, or provide an Enhancement for,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the On-Premise Product so that it conforms to the foregoing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranty, (ii) replace your copy of the On-Premise Product with a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     copy that conforms to the foregoing warranty, or (iii) terminate the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering with respect to the non-conforming On-Premise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Product and refund the Fees paid by you for such non-conforming\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     On-Premise Product.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Disclaimer of Implied Warranties.  Except as expressly set\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     forth above, the Offerings are provided "as is" with no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranties or representations whatsoever, express or implied.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk and its suppliers and licensors disclaim all warranties\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and representations, including any implied warranties of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     purpose, noninfringement, or quiet enjoyment, and any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranties arising out of course of dealing or trade usage.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk does not warrant that use of Offerings will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     uninterrupted, error free or secure, or that all defects will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     corrected.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 20. Ownership\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Offerings. As between you and Splunk, Splunk owns and reserves\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     all right, title, and interest in and to the Offerings, developer tools\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and other Splunk materials, including all intellectual property rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     therein. We retain rights in anything delivered or developed by us or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     on our behalf under these General Terms. No rights are granted to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you other than as expressly set forth in these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Customer Content. You own and reserve all right, title and interest\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in your Customer Content. By sending Customer Content to a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Service, you grant us a worldwide, royalty free, non-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     exclusive license to access and use the Customer Content for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     purposes of providing you the Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Feedback. You have no obligation to provide us with ideas for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     improvement, suggestions or other feedback (collectively,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     "Feedback") in connection with an Offering, unless otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     expressly set forth in the applicable Order. If, however, you provide\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any Feedback, you hereby grant to Splunk a non-exclusive,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     transferable, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license (with rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to sublicense) to make, use, sell, offer to sell, reproduce, modify,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     distribute, make available, publicly display and perform, disclose\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and otherwise commercially exploit the Feedback.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 21. Term and Termination\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Term and Renewal. These General Terms will commence upon\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the Effective Date and will remain in effect until the expiration of all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Purchased Offerings, unless earlier terminated pursuant\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to this Section. Termination of a specific Purchased Offering will not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     affect the Term of any other Purchased Offering. Termination of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms will have the effect of terminating all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offerings. Grounds for terminating a Purchased Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (e.g., for non-payment), that are specific to the Purchased Offering,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will not be grounds to terminate Purchased Offerings where no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     breach exists. Unless indicated otherwise in an Order, the Term of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a Purchased Offering (and these General Terms) will automatically\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     renew for an additional period of time equal to the length of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     preceding Term, unless one party notifies the other of its intent not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to renew at least one (1) day in advance of the expiration of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Term or then-current renewal period.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Termination. Either party may terminate these General Terms, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any Purchased Offering, by written notice to the other party in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     event of a material breach of these General Terms, or the specific\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terms associated with that Purchased Offering, that is not cured\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     within thirty (30) days of receipt of the notice. Upon any expiration\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or termination of a Purchased Offering, the rights and licenses\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     granted to you for that Purchased Offering will automatically\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terminate, and you agree to immediately (i) cease using and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     accessing the Offering, (ii) return or destroy all copies of any On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Premise Products and other Splunk materials and Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Confidential Information in your possession or control, and, (iii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     upon our request, certify in writing the completion of such return or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     destruction. Upon termination of these General Terms or any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering, Splunk will have no obligation to refund any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Fees or other amounts received from you during the Term.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Notwithstanding any early termination above, except for your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     termination of our uncured material breach, you will still be required\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to pay all Fees payable under an Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Survival. The termination or expiration of these General Terms will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     not affect any provisions herein which by their nature survive\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     termination or expiration, including the provisions that deal with the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     following subject matters: definitions, ownership of intellectual\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     property, confidentiality, payment obligations, effect of termination,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     limitation of liability, privacy, and the "Miscellaneous" section in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Suspension of Service.   In the event of a material breach or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     threatened material breach of this Agreement, Splunk may, without\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     limiting its other rights and remedies, suspend your use of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Service until such breach is cured or Splunk reasonably\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     believes there is no longer a threat, provided that we will give you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     at least five (5) days' prior notice before suspension. Suspension of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a Hosted Services will have no impact on the duration of the Term\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of the Purchased Offering or the associated Fees owed.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 22. Limitation of Liability\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 In no event will the aggregate liability of either party, together with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any of its Affiliates, arising out of or related to any Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering exceed the total amount paid by you for that Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering in the twelve (12) months preceding the first incident out\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of which the liability arose.  For the avoidance of doubt, the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 foregoing limitation will not limit your obligations under the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Payment" section above, and will not be deemed to limit your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights to any service level credits under any applicable Service\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Level Schedule. Furthermore, the cap above will not be deemed to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 limit Splunk's right to recover amounts for your use of an Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in excess of the Capacity purchased or use outside of Internal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Business Purposes.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 In no event will either party or its Affiliates have any liability arising\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 out of or related to these General Terms for any lost profits,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 revenues, goodwill, or indirect, special, incidental, consequential,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 cover, business interruption or punitive damages.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The foregoing limitations will apply whether the action is in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 contract or tort and regardless of the theory of liability, even if a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 party or its Affiliates have been advised of the possibility of such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 damages or if a party's or its Affiliates' remedy otherwise fails of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 its essential purpose.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The limitation of liability herein will not apply to a party's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 infringement of the other party's intellectual property rights,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 indemnification obligations, or the fraud, gross negligence or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 willful misconduct of a party.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The foregoing disclaimers of damages will also not apply to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 extent prohibited by law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 exclusion or limitation of certain damages. To the extent such a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 law applies to you, some or all of the exclusions or limitations set\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 forth above may not apply to you, and you may have additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 23. Indemnity\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Our Indemnification to You. Splunk will defend and indemnify\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you, and pay all damages (including attorneys' fees and costs)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     awarded against you, or that are agreed to in a settlement, to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     extent a claim, demand, suit or proceeding is made or brought\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     against you or your Affiliates by a third party (including those\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     brought by the government) alleging that a Purchased Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     infringes or misappropriates such third party's patent, copyright,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     trademark or trade secret (a "Customer Claim"). Splunk will have\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     no obligation under the foregoing provision to the extent a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Claim arises from your breach of these General Terms,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your Customer Content, Third Party Extension, or the combination\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of the Offering with: (i) Customer Content; (ii) Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extensions; (iii) any software other than software provided by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk; or (iv) any hardware or equipment. However, Splunk will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     indemnify against combination claims to the extent (y) the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     combined software is necessary for the normal operation of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering (e.g., an operating system), or (z) the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering provides substantially all the essential elements\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of the asserted infringement or misappropriation claim. Splunk may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in its sole discretion and at no cost to you: (1) modify any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering so that it no longer infringes or misappropriates\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a third party right, (2) obtain a license for your continued use of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering, in accordance with these General Terms, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (3) terminate the Purchased Offering and refund to you any prepaid\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     fees covering the unexpired Term.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Your Indemnification to Us. Unless expressly prohibited by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable law, you will defend and indemnify us, and pay all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     damages (including attorneys' fees and costs) awarded against\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk, or that are agreed to in a settlement, to the extent a claim,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     demand, suit or proceeding is made or brought against Splunk or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     its Affiliates by a third party (including those brought by a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     government entity) that: (i) alleges that your Customer Content or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Extensions infringes or misappropriates such third party's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     patent, copyright, trademark or trade secret, or violates another\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     right of a third party; or (ii) alleges that your Customer Content or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your use of any Offering violates applicable law or regulation.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Mutual Indemnity. Each party will defend (or settle), indemnify and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hold harmless at its expense, any action brought against the other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     party by a third party to the extent that it is based upon a claim for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     bodily injury, personal injury (including death) to any person, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     damage to tangible property resulting from the negligent acts or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     willful misconduct of the indemnifying party or its personnel\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hereunder, and will pay any reasonable, direct, out-of-pocket costs,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     damages and reasonable attorneys' fees attributable to such claim\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that are awarded against the indemnified party (or are payable in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     settlement by the indemnified party).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Process for Indemnification. The indemnification obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     above are subject to the party seeking indemnification to: (i) provide\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the other party with prompt written notice of the specific claim; (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     give the indemnifying party sole control of the defense and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     settlement of the claim (except that the indemnifying party may not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     settle any claim that requires any action or forbearance on the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     indemnified party's part without their prior consent, which will not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     unreasonably withhold or delay); and (iii) gives the indemnifying\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     party all reasonable assistance, at such party's expense.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 24. Updates to Offerings\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Offerings and policies may be updated over the course of our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 relationship. From time to time, Splunk may update or modify an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering and our policies, provided that: (a) the change and modification\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applies to all customers generally, and are not targeted to any particular\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customer; (b) no such change or modification will impose additional fees\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 on you during the applicable Term or additional restrictions on your use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of the Offering, or alter our liability or the allocation of risk between us\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 under these General Terms; (c) no such change or modification will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 materially reduce the security protections or overall functionality of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Offering; and (d) any such change or modification will apply\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 only prospectively, and will not apply to any breach or dispute that arose\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 between the parties prior to the effective date of the change or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 modification.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 25. Governing Law\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 These General Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with the laws of the State of California, as if performed wholly within the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 state and without giving effect to the principles of conflict of law. Any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 legal action or proceeding arising under these General Terms will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 brought exclusively in the federal or state courts located in the Northern\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 District of California and the parties hereby consent to personal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 jurisdiction and venue therein. Splunk may seek injunctive or other relief\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in any state, federal, or national court of competent jurisdiction for any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 actual or alleged infringement of intellectual property or other proprietary\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights of Splunk, its Affiliates, or any third party.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Neither the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act nor the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods will apply\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 26. Use of Customer Name\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You agree that we may add your name to our customer list and identify\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you as a Splunk customer on Splunk's websites. Any further public use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of your name in connection with Splunk marketing activities (e.g., press\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 releases) will require your prior approval.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 27. Miscellaneous\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Different Terms. Splunk expressly rejects terms or conditions in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any Customer purchase order or other similar document that are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     different from or additional to the terms and conditions set forth in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms. Such different or additional terms and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     conditions will not become a part of the agreement between the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     parties notwithstanding any subsequent acknowledgement, invoice\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or license key that Splunk may issue.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) No Future Functionality. You agree that your purchase of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering is not contingent on the delivery of any future functionality\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or features, or dependent on any oral or written statements made\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     by Splunk regarding future functionality or features.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Notices. Except as otherwise specified in these General Terms, all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     notices related to these General Terms will be sent in writing to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     addresses set forth in the applicable Order, or to such other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     address as may be specified by either party to the other party, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will be effective upon (i) personal delivery, (ii) the second business\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     day after mailing, or (c), except for notices of termination or an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     indemnifiable claim ("Legal Notices"), which shall clearly be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     identifiable as Legal Notices, the day of sending by email. Billing-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     related notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant billing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     contact designated by Customer. All other notices to Customer will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     be addressed to the relevant system administrator designated by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Assignment. Neither party may assign, delegate or transfer these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     General Terms, in whole or in part, by agreement, operation of law\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or otherwise without the prior written consent of the other party,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     however Splunk may assign these General Terms in whole or in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     part to an Affiliate or in connection with an internal reorganization or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assets to which these General Terms relates. Any attempt to assign\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms other than as permitted herein will be null and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     void. Subject to the foregoing, these General Terms will bind and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     inure to the benefit of the parties' permitted successors and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assigns.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) U.S. Government Use Terms. Splunk provides Offerings for U.S.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     federal government end use solely in accordance with the following:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Government technical data and rights related to Offerings include\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     only those rights customarily provided to the public as defined in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms. This customary commercial license is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provided in accordance with FAR 12.211 (Technical Data) and FAR\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     12.212 (Computer Software) and, for Department of Defense\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     transactions, DFARS 252.227-7015 (Technical Data-Commercial\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Items) and DFARS 227.7202-3 (Rights in Commercial Computer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Software or Commercial Computer Software Documentation). If a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     government agency has a need for rights not conveyed under these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terms, it must negotiate with Splunk to determine if there are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acceptable terms for transferring such rights, and a mutually\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acceptable written addendum specifically conveying such rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     must be included in any applicable contract or agreement.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (F) Waiver; Severability. The waiver by either party of a breach of or a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     default under these General Terms will not be effective unless in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     writing. The failure by either party to enforce any provisions of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms will not constitute a waiver of any other right\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hereunder or of any subsequent enforcement of that or any other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provisions. If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms invalid or unenforceable, the remaining\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provisions of these General Terms will remain in full force and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     effect, and the provision affected will be construed so as to be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     enforceable to the maximum extent permissible by law.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (G) Integration; Entire Agreement. These General Terms along with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any additional terms incorporated herein by reference, constitute\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the complete and exclusive understanding and agreement between\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the parties and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     agreements, communications and understandings, written or oral,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     relating to their subject matter. Except as otherwise expressly set\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     forth herein, any waiver, modification or amendment of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provision of these General Terms will be effective only if in writing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and signed by duly authorized representatives of both parties.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (H) Force Majeure. Neither party or its Affiliates, subsidiaries, officers,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     directors, employees, agents, partners and licensors will (except for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the obligation to make any payments) be liable for any delay or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     failure to perform any obligation under these General Terms where\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the delay or failure results from any cause beyond their reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     control, including, without limitation, acts of God, labor disputes or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     other industrial disturbances, electrical, telecommunications, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     other utility failures, earthquake, storms or other elements of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     nature, blockades, embargoes, riots, acts or orders of government,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acts of terrorism, or war.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (I) Independent Contractors; No Third Party Beneficiaries. The\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     parties are independent contractors. These General Terms does\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     not create a partnership, franchise, joint venture, agency, fiduciary\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or employment relationship between the parties. There are no third-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     party beneficiaries of these General Terms. Neither party has the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     authority to bind or act on behalf of the other party in any capacity\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or circumstance whether by contract or otherwise.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 General Terms Definitions Exhibit\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Affiliates" means a corporation, partnership or other entity controlling,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 controlled by or under common control with such party, but only so long\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 as such control continues to exist. For purposes of this definition,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "control" means ownership, directly or indirectly, of greater than fifty\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 percent (50%) of the voting rights in such entity (or, in the case of a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 noncorporate entity, equivalent rights).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Capacity" means the measurement of usage of an Offering (e.g.,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 aggregate daily volume of data indexed, specific source type rights,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 number of search and compute units, number of monitored accounts,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 virtual CPUs, user seats, use cases, storage capacity, etc.) that is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchased for an Offering, as set forth in the applicable Order. The\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capacities for each of our Offerings can be found here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 https://www.splunk.com/en_us/legal/licensed-capacity.html.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "CCPA" means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Confidential Information" means all nonpublic information disclosed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by a party ("Disclosing Party") to the other party ("Receiving Party"),\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 whether orally or in writing, that is designated as "confidential" or that,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 given the nature of the information or circumstances surrounding its\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 disclosure, should reasonably be understood to be confidential.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Notwithstanding the foregoing, "Confidential Information" does not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 include any information that: (i) is or becomes generally known to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 public without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 was known to the Receiving Party prior to its disclosure by the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Disclosing Party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Party, (iii) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 owed to the Disclosing Party, or (iv) was independently developed by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Receiving Party.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Content Subscription" means the right of Customer to receive content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable to an Offering (e.g., models, templates, searches, playbooks,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rules and configurations, as described in the relevant Documentation)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 on a periodic basis over the applicable Term.  Content Subscriptions are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchased as an add-on service and are identified in an Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Customer Content" means any data that is ingested by or on behalf of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you into an Offering from your internal data sources.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Delivery" means the date of Splunk's initial delivery of the license key\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 for the applicable Offering or, for Hosted Services, the date Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 makes the applicable Offering available to you for access and use.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Documentation" means the online user guides, documentation and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 help and training materials published on Splunk's website (such as at\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation) or accessible through the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Offering, as may be updated by Splunk from time to time.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Enhancements" means any updates, upgrades, releases, fixes,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 enhancements or modifications to a Purchased Offering made generally\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 commercially available by Splunk to its customers under the terms and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conditions in the Support Exhibit.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Extension" means any separately downloadable or accessible suite,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 configuration file, add-on, technical add-on, example module, command,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 function, playbook, content or application that extends the features or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 functionality of the applicable Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Fees" means the fees that are applicable to an Offering, as identified in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "GDPR" means the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data) as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 updated, amended or replaced from time to time.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "HIPAA" means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of 1996, as amended and supplemented by the Health Information\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Hosted Service" means a technology service hosted by or on behalf of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk and provided to you.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Internal Business Purpose" means your use of an Offering for your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 own internal business operations, based on the analysis, monitoring or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 processing of your data from your systems, net-works and devices.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Such use does not include use on a service bureau basis or otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to provide services to, or process data for, any third party, or otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use to monitor or service the systems, networks and devices of third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 parties.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "ITAR Data" means information protected by the International Traffic in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Arms Regulations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Offerings" means the products, services and other offerings that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk makes generally available, including without limitation On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Premise Products, Hosted Services, Support Programs, Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Subscriptions and Configuration and Implementation Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "On-Premise Product" means the Splunk software that is delivered to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you and deployed and operated by you or on your behalf on hardware\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 designated by you, and any Enhancements made available to you by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Open Source Software" means software that is licensed under a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 license approved by the Open Source Initiative or similar freeware\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 license, with terms requiring that such software code be (i) disclosed or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 distributed in source code or object code form, (ii) licensed for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purpose of making derivative works, and/or (iii) redistribute under the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 same license terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Orders" means Splunk's quote or ordering document (including online\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 order form) accepted by you via your purchase order or other ordering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 document submitted to Splunk (directly or indirectly through an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 authorized reseller) to order Offerings, which references the Offering,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capacity, pricing and other applicable terms set forth in an applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk quote or ordering document. Orders do not include the terms of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any preprinted terms on your purchase order or other terms on a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchase order that are additional or inconsistent with the terms of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "PC&I Data" means credit card information within the scope of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "PHI" means any protected health data, as defined under HIPAA.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Purchased Offerings" means the services, subscriptions and licenses\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to Offerings that are acquired by you under Orders, whether directly or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 through an authorized reseller.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Service Level Schedule" means a Splunk policy that applies to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 availability and uptime of a Hosted Service and which, if applicable,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 offers service credits as set forth therein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunkbase" means Splunk's online directory of or platform for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions, currently located at https://splunkbase.splunk.com and any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and all successors, replacements, new versions, derivatives, updates\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and upgrades and any other similar platform(s) owned and/or controlled\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunk Developer Tool" means the standard application programming\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 interface, configurations, software development kits, libraries, command\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 line interface tools, other tooling (including scaffolding and data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 generation tools), integrated development environment plug-ins or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 extensions, code examples, tutorials, reference guides and other related\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 materials identified and provided by Splunk to facilitate or enable the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 creation of Extensions or otherwise support interoperability between the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Software and your system or environment.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunk Extensions" means Extensions made available through\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunkbase that are identified on Splunkbase as built by Splunk (and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not by any third party).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Support Programs" are the Support Programs offered by Splunk and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified here: http://www.splunk.com/en_us/support-and-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 services/support-programs.html\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Term" means the duration of your subscription or license to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Offering that starts and ends on the date listed on the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Order. If no start date is specified in an Order, the start date\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will be the Delivery date of the Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Third Party Content" means information, data, technology or materials\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 made available to you by any third party that you license and add to a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Hosted Service or direct Splunk to install in connection with a Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Service. Third Party Content includes but is not limited to, Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions, web-based or offline software applications, data service or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 content that are provided by third parties.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Usage Data" means data generated from the usage, configuration,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 deployment, access and performance of an Offering. For example, this\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 may include such things as information about your operating\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 environment, such as your network and systems architecture, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 sessions, such as page loads and session views, duration, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 interactions, errors, number of searches, source types and format (e.g.,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 json, xml, csv), ingest volume, number of active and licensed users, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 search concurrency. Usage Data does not include Customer Content.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Exhibit to Splunk General Terms\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This Support Exhibit forms a part of the Splunk General Terms and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 governs your purchase, and Splunk's provision of Support Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 1. Support Programs\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Programs purchased as part of a Purchased Offering will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified in your applicable Order. Splunk will provide you the level of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Services described under the purchased Support Program,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subject to your payment of applicable Fees. "Support Programs" are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Support Programs offered by Splunk and identified here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 http://www.splunk.com/en_us/support-and-services/support-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 programs.html.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 2. Support Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Support Services" include technical support for your Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offerings, and, when available, the provision of Enhancements for your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Purchased Offerings, subject to the Support Policy described below.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Technical support under a Support Program is available via email or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 web portal, and certain Support Programs also make support available\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 via telephone. Support Services will be delivered by a member of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk's technical support team during the regional hours of operation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable under the Support Program. Support Services are delivered\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in English unless you are in a location where we have made localized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Services available.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 3. Support Policy\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Support Policy, provided here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 https://www.splunk.com/en_us/legal/splunk-software-support-policy.html\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ("Support Policy") describes the duration of our Support Services for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 certain Splunk On-Premise Products and other policies associated with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our Support Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 As we release new versions for our Offerings, we discontinue Support\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services for certain older versions.  Our Support Policy sets forth the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 schedule for the duration of support, and end of support, for Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 versions.  The current versions of our Offerings that are supported\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 under our Support Policy, and will be our "Supported Versions" herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 For the avoidance of doubt, the Support Policy may not apply to Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services, and the product and services version we make available as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our Hosted Services will be deemed Supported Versions herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 4. Case Priority\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Each Support Program offers different support levels for your case\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 priority levels. When submitting a case, you will select the priority for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 initial response by logging the case online, in accordance with the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 priority guidelines set forth under your Support Program. When the case\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 is received, we may in good faith change the priority if the issue does\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not conform to the criteria for the selected priority. When that happens,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 we will provide you with notice (electronic or otherwise) of such change.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 5. Exclusions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We will have no obligation to provide support for issues caused by any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of the following (each, a "Customer Generated Error"): (i)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 modifications to an Offering not made by Splunk; (ii) use of an Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 other than as authorized in the Agreement or as provided in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Documentation; (iii) damage to the machine on which an On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Premise Product is installed; (iv) use of a version of an Offering other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 than the Supported Version; (vi) third-party products that are not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 expressly noted in the Documentation as supported by Splunk; or (vi)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conflicts related to replacing or installing hardware, drivers, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 software that are not expressly supported by Splunk and described in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the applicable Documentation. If we determine that support requested\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by you is for an issue caused by a Customer Generated Error, we will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 notify you of that fact as soon as reasonably possible under the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 circumstances. If you agree that we should provide support for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Customer Generated Error via a confirming email, then we will have the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 right to invoice you at our then-current time and materials rates for any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 such support provided by us.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 6. Support for Splunk Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Only Splunk Extensions that are labeled as "Splunk Supported" on\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunkbase, or other Splunk-branded marketplace, are eligible for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 support, and this support is limited. For those labeled Splunk Supported,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 we will provide an initial response and acknowledgement in accordance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with the P3 terms that are applicable in the applicable Support Program.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Enhancements for Splunk Extensions labeled as Splunk Supported\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 when made available. No other terms of a Support Program will apply to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 a Splunk Application. For those labeled as "Not Supported," Splunk will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 have no support obligations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 7. Authorized Support Contacts\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You are entitled to have a certain number of Support Contacts under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 each Support Program. "Support Contacts" means the individual(s)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 specified by you that are authorized to submit support cases.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The number of Support Contacts will be based on the Capacity of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering purchased, and the applicable Support Program. The number\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of Support Contacts will be set forth in customer's entitlement\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 information on the Splunk support portal.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We only take support requests from, and communicate with, your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Contacts in connection with support cases. We strongly\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 recommend that your Support Contact(s) are trained on the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering. In order to designate Support Contacts, you must provide the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 individual's primary email address and Splunk.com login ID.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 8. Defect Resolution\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Should we determine that an Offering has a defect, we will, at our sole\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 option, repair the defect in the version of the Offering that you are then\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 currently using or instruct you to install a newer version of the Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with that defect repaired. We reserve the right to provide you with a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 workaround in lieu of fixing a defect should we in our sole judgment\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 determine that it is more effective to do so.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 9. Your Assistance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Should you report a purported defect or error in an Offering, we may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 require you to provide us with the following information: (a) a general\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 description of your operating environment; (b) a list of all hardware\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 components, operating systems and networks; (c) a reproducible test\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 case; and (d) any log files, trace and systems files. Your failure to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provide this information may prevent us from identifying and fixing that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purported defect.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 10. Changes to Support Programs\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You acknowledge that, subject to the Support Policy, and subject to any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 commitment we have under an Order with you, we have the right to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 discontinue the manufacture, development, sale or support of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering, at any time, in our sole discretion. We further reserve the right\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to alter Support Programs from time to time, using reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 discretion, but in no event will such alterations, during the Term of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Order, result in diminished Support Services from the level of your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable purchased Support Program.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Configuration and Implementation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Exhibit to Splunk General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This Configuration and Implementation Services Exhibit forms a part of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Splunk General Terms and governs your purchase, and Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provision of Configuration and Implementation Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capitalized terms below are defined in the General Terms, this\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Exhibit or in the Definition Exhibit attached to this Exhibit.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 1. Services and Statements of Work\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We will perform the C&I Services for you that are set forth in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Statements of Work.  You will pay the Fees under each\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Statement of Work in accordance with these General Terms, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 otherwise as we may expressly agree in the applicable Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 In each Statement of Work, we will designate our primary point of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 contact for you for all matters relating to the applicable C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (which we may change from time to time upon notice).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 2. Our Personnel\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Qualifications. The Personnel we assign to perform the C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will be qualified, skilled, experienced and otherwise fit for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 performance of the C&I Services. If you, in your reasonable judgement,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 determine that Personnel assigned to your project are unfit, we will in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 good faith discuss alternatives, and we will replace Personnel as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 reasonably necessary. You acknowledge that any replacement may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 cause delay in the performance of the C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Personnel Conduct. Our Personnel are subject to our Splunk Code of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Conduct and Ethics https://investors.splunk.com/code-business-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conduct-and-ethics-1, which includes, without limitation, an obligation to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 comply with our policies on protecting customer information, prohibitions\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 on illegal drugs and any impaired job performance, avoiding conflicts of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 interest, and acting ethically at all times. We also background check our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 employees, per the Section below.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Use of Subcontractors. We reserve the right to use subcontractors in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 performance of the C&I Services, provided: (a) any subcontractor we\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use meets the requirements herein and conditions of these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms and the Statement of Work; (b) we will be responsible for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subcontractor's compliance with the terms herein and the Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work; and (c) upon your request or inquiry, we will identify any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subcontractor that we are using, or plan to use, for C&I Services, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will cooperate in good faith to provide you with all relevant information\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 regarding such subcontractors.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 No Employee Benefits. We acknowledge and agree that our Personnel\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 are not eligible for or entitled to receive any compensation, benefits, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 other incidents of employment that you make available to your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 employees.  We are solely responsible for all employment related taxes,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 expenses, withholdings, and other similar statutory obligations arising\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 out of the relationship between us and our Personnel and the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 performance of C&I Services by such Personnel.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 3. Our Background Checks, Security and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Compliance Obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Compliance with Your Security Program. While on your premises,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our Personnel will comply with your security practices and procedures\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 generally prescribed by you for onsite visitors and service providers.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 However, any requirement that is in addition to the compliance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 requirements set forth in this Schedule (e.g., background checks that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 are different from the background checks described herein) must be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 expressly set forth in a Statement of Work. We agree to discuss in good\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 faith any condition or requirement you may have for our Personnel that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 are different from standard policies, however any additional requirement\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 may delay C&I Services, and must be vetted and implemented by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 mutual agreement of the parties and expressly set forth in a Statement\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of Work.  Splunk does not guarantee that it will be able to meet any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 additional requested requirements.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Security Practices. We implement and follow an enterprise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 security program, with the policies, plans, and procedures set forth here\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 www.splunk.com/prof-serv-isa. Our Personnel will be subject to the data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 protection and confidentiality obligations set forth in these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms with respect to any of your data that we may have access to in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 connection with the C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Background Checks. For U.S.-based projects, we will not assign an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 employee to perform C&I Services under a Statement of Work unless\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 we have run the following background check on the employee:  Criminal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Felony & Misdemeanor; SSN Validation; Federal Criminal; SSN Trace;\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Employment Report - Three (3) Employers; Education Report - One (1)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Institution; Global Sanctions & Enforcement; Prohibited Parties;\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Widescreen Plus National Criminal Search. You acknowledge that such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 background checks may not be permitted or customary outside the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 United States.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Permissions for Access. In the event you require any Personnel to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 sign any waivers, releases, or other documents as a condition to gain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 access to your premises for performance of the C&I Services ("Access\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Documents"),  you agree: (a) that Personnel who will be required to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 sign Access Documents will sign on behalf of Splunk; (b) that any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 additional or conflicting terms in Access Documents with these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms will have no effect; and (c) you will pursue any claims for breach\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of any terms in the Access Documents against Splunk and not the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 individual signing.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 4. Your Materials\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We will have no rights in or to any Customer Materials, however you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 grant us the right to use Customer Materials in order to provide the C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services. Nothing in these General Terms will deemed to transfer to us\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any ownership of Customer Materials.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 5. C&I Services Materials and Customizations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Unique to You\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services Materials.  The C&I Services we perform (e.g.,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 configuration of our Offerings), and the C&I Services Materials we offer,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 create, and deliver to you in connection with the C&I Services, are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 generally applicable to our business, and therefore we require the right\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to be able to re-use the C&I Services Materials we create for one\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customer in connection with all of our customers.  For the avoidance of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 doubt, our use of the C&I Services Materials created for you in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 connection with C&I Services will comply with our ongoing obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and restrictions with respect to your Customer Materials and your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Confidential Information, and we will not identify you in any way in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 connection with our further use of such C&I Services Materials.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Customer Owned Work Product.  However, in the unlikely event that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the parties agree that C&I Services Materials for a project are custom\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 work product unique to your business, and not applicable to other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customers generally, we will transfer ownership to those agreed C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Materials to you under the applicable Statement of Work. C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Materials must be expressly identified as "Customer Owned\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work Product" under a Statement of Work for ownership to pass to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you. Subject to payment of applicable Fees under the Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work, we hereby assign to you all rights, title and interest (including all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Intellectual Property Rights therein) in and to all C&I Services Materials\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified as Customer Owned Work Product (but excluding all Pre-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Existing Splunk IP incorporated into the Customer Owned Work\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Product).  At your request and expense, we will assist and cooperate\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with you in all reasonable respects and will execute documents, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 take such further acts reasonably requested by you to enable you to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 acquire, transfer, maintain, perfect and enforce your ownership rights in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 such Customer Owned Work Product.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Ownership.  Subject to your ownership rights in Customer Owned\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work Product and Customer Materials, we will own all rights in and to all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services Materials.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 License Rights. For those C&I Services Materials that are not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Customer Owned Work Product, you will have the right to access and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use those C&I Services Materials in connection with your applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offerings, and those rights will be of the same scope and duration as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 your rights to the underlying Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 6. C&I Services Warranty\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We warrant that the C&I Services will be performed in a good and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 workmanlike manner consistent with applicable industry standards.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This warranty will be in effect for a period of thirty (30) days from the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 completion of any C&I Services.  As your sole and exclusive remedy\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and our entire liability for any breach of the foregoing warranty, we will,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 at our option and expense, promptly re-perform any C&I Services that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 fail to meet this warranty or refund to you the fees paid for the non-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conforming C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 7. Your Cooperation\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You acknowledge that your timely provision of (and our access to) your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 facilities, equipment, assistance, cooperation, data, information and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 materials from your officers, agents and employees (the "Cooperation")\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 is essential to Splunk's performance of the C&I Services.  We will not be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 liable for any delay or deficiency in performing the C&I Services if you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 do not provide the necessary Cooperation.  As part of the Cooperation,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you will (1) designate a project manager or technical lead to liaise with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 us while we perform the C&I Services; (2)  allocate and engage\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 additional resources as may be required to assist us in performing the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services; and (3) making available to us any data, information and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any other materials reasonably required by us to perform the C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services, including any data, information or materials specifically\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified in the Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 8. Insurance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Throughout any period of C&I Services we perform for you, we will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 maintain insurance policies in the types and amounts described below\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 at our own expense:\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Commercial General Liability Insurance with a limit of not less than\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 $1,000,000 per occurrence and a general aggregate limit of not less\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 than $2,000,000.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Business Auto Insurance with a limit of not less than $1,000,000 per\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 accident.  Such Insurance will cover liability arising out of "hired and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 non-owned" automobiles.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Worker's Compensation Insurance as required by workers'\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 compensation, occupational disease and occupational health and safety\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 laws, statutes and regulations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Technology Errors & Omissions Insurance with a limit of not less than\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 $3,000,000.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Umbrella/Excess Insurance with a limit of not less than $3,000,000.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 9. Change Order Process\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You may submit written requests to us to change the scope of C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services described in a Statement of Work (each such request, a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Change Order Request").  If we elect to consider a Change Order\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Request, then we will promptly notify you if we believe that the Change\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Order Request requires an adjustment to the fees or to the schedule for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the performance of the C&I Services.  In such event, the parties will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 negotiate in good faith a reasonable and equitable adjustment to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 fees and/or schedule, as applicable.  We will continue to perform C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services pursuant to the existing Statement of Work and will have no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 obligation to perform any Change Order Request unless and until the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 parties have agreed in writing to such an equitable adjustment.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 10. Expenses\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Unless otherwise specified in the Statement of Work, we will not charge\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you for our expenses we incur in connection with a Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our daily C&I Services rates are inclusive of any expenses. In the event\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the parties agree that expenses are reimbursable under a Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work, we will mutually agree on any travel policy and any required\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 documentation for re-imbursement.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 11. Prepaid C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Unless otherwise expressly stated in a Statement of Work, all prepaid\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services must be redeemed within twelve (12) months from the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 date of purchase/invoice. At the end of the twelve (12) month term, any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 remaining pre-paid unused C&I Services will expire; no refunds will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provided for any remaining pre-paid unused C&I Services. Unless\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 otherwise specifically stated in a Statement of Work, Education is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 invoiced and payable in advance.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Configuration and Implementation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Definitions Exhibit\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "C&I Services" means the services outlined in the Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "C&I Services Materials" means the materials and other deliverables\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that are provided to you as part of the C&I Services, and any materials,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 technology, know-how and other innovations of any kind that we or our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Personnel may create or reduce to practice in the course of performing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the C&I Services, including without limitation all improvements or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 modifications to our proprietary technology, and all Intellectual Property\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Rights therein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Customer Materials" means the data, information, and materials you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provide to us in connection with your use of the C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Fees" means the fees that are applicable to the C&I Services, as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified in the Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Intellectual Property Rights" means all worldwide intellectual property\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights, including copyrights and other rights in works of authorship;\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights in trademarks, tradenames, and other designations of source or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 origin; rights in trade secrets and confidential information; and patents\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and patent applications.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Offerings" means the products, services and other offerings that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk makes generally available for purchase and use.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Orders" means Splunk's quote or ordering document (including online\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 order form) accepted by you via your purchase order or other ordering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 document submitted to Splunk (directly or indirectly through an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 authorized reseller) to order C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Personnel" means any employee, consultant, contractor, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subcontractor of Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunk Preexisting IP" means, with respect to any C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Materials, all associated Splunk Technology and all Intellectual Property\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Rights created or acquired: (a) prior to the date of the Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work that includes such C&I Services Materials, or (b) after the date of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 such Statement of Work but independently of the C&I Services provided\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 under such Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Statement of Work" means the statements of work and/or any all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Orders that describe the specific services to be performed by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk, including any materials and deliverables to be delivered by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 SPLUNK GENERAL TERMS (v1.2020)\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Do you agree with this license? [y/n]: y\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This appears to be your first time running this version of Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk software must create an administrator account during startup. Otherwise, you cannot log in.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Create credentials for the administrator account.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Characters do not appear on the screen when you type in credentials.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Please enter an administrator username: admin\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Password must contain at least:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0    * 8 total printable ASCII character(s).\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Please enter a new password:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Please confirm new password:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 execve: No such file or directory\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0   while running command /usr/sbin/update-rc.d\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# /opt/splunkforwarder/bin/splunk enable boot-start\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 execve: No such file or directory\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0   while running command /usr/sbin/update-rc.d\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# sudo dpkg -i splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 (Lecture de la base de donn\'e9es... 141476 fichiers et r\'e9pertoires d\'e9j\'e0 install\'e9s.)\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Pr\'e9paration du d\'e9paquetage de splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This looks like an upgrade of an existing Splunk Server. Attempting to stop the installed Splunk Server...\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 splunkd is not running.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 D\'e9paquetage de splunkforwarder (8.2.0) sur (8.2.0) ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Param\'e9trage de splunkforwarder (8.2.0) ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 complete\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# /opt/splunkforwarder/bin/splunk enable boot-start\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 SPLUNK GENERAL TERMS\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Last updated: February 13, 2020\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 These Splunk General Terms ("General Terms") between\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk Inc., a Delaware corporation, with its principal place\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of business at 270 Brannan Street, San Francisco,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 California 94107, U.S.A ("Splunk" or "we" or "us" or "our")\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and you ("Customer" or "you" or "your") apply to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchase of licenses and subscriptions for Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offerings. By clicking on the appropriate button, or by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 downloading, installing, accessing or using the Offerings,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you agree to these General Terms. If you are entering into\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 these General Terms on behalf of Customer, you represent\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that you have the authority to bind Customer. If you do not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 agree to these General Terms, or if you are not authorized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to accept the General Terms on behalf of the Customer, do\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not download, install, access, or use any of the Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 See the General Terms Definitions Exhibit attached for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 definitions of capitalized terms not defined herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 1. License Rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) General Rights. You have the nonexclusive, worldwide,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     nontransferable and nonsublicensable right, subject to payment of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Fees and compliance with the terms of these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms, to use your Purchased Offerings for your Internal Business\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purposes during the Term and up to the Capacity purchased.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Copies for On-Premise Products. You have the right to make a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonable number of copies of On-Premise Products for archival\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and back-up purposes.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Splunk Extensions. You may use Splunk Extensions in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     connection with the applicable Purchased Offering subject to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     same terms and conditions for that Offering (including with respect\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to Term) and payment of any Fees associated with the Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extensions. Some Splunk Extensions may be made available under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     license terms that provide broader rights than the license rights you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have to the applicable underlying Offering (e.g., if the Extension is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Open Source Software). These broader rights will apply to that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk Extension. Splunk Extensions may be installed on Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services pursuant to our instructions.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Trials, Evaluations, Beta and Free Licenses.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (i) Trials and Evaluations. Offerings provided for trials and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     evaluations, as specified in an Order, are provided at no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     charge, and their use will be for the specified limited duration.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (ii) Beta Licenses. Some Offerings may be available to you as a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     preview, or as an alpha, beta or other pre-release version\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (each, a "Beta Offering"). All rights for Beta Offerings are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     solely for internal testing and evaluation.  Your use of a Beta\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering will be for the term specified by us, and if no term is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     specified, then for the earlier of one year from the start date of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the Beta Offering or when that version of the Beta Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     becomes generally available.  We may discontinue the Beta\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering at any time and may decide not to make any of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     features and functionality generally available\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (iii) Free Licenses. From time to time, we may make certain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offerings available for full use (i.e., not subject to limited\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     evaluation purposes) at no charge. These free Offerings may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have limited features, functions and other technical limitations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Test and Development Licenses.  For Offerings identified as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     "Test and Development" Offerings on your Order, you only have the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     right to use those Offerings up to the applicable Capacity on a non-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     production system for non-production uses, including product\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     migration testing or pre-production staging, or testing new data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     sources, types, or use cases.  Test and Development Offerings\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     may not be used for any revenue generation, commercial activity,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or other productive business or purpose.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (F) Limitations.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     General Terms, we do not provide maintenance and support,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranties, or indemnification for Test and Development Offerings,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     trials, evaluations, or free or Beta Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 2. Purchasing Through Authorized Resellers\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 If you purchase Offerings through a Splunk authorized reseller, these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 General Terms will govern those Offerings. Your payment obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 for the Purchased Offerings will be with the authorized reseller, not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk. You will have no direct Fee payment obligations to Splunk for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 those Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Any terms agreed to between you and the authorized reseller that are in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 addition to these General Terms are solely between you and the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 authorized reseller. No agreement between you and an authorized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 reseller is binding on Splunk, or will have any force or effect with respect\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to the rights in, or the operation, use or provision of, the Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 3. Your Contractors and Third Party Providers\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You may permit your authorized consultants, contractors, and agents\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ("Third Party Providers") to access and use your Purchased Offerings,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 but only on your behalf in connection with providing services to you, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subject to the terms and conditions of these General Terms. Any access\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 or use by a Third Party Provider will be subject to the same limitations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and restrictions that apply to you under these General Terms, and you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will be responsible for any Third Party Provider's actions relating to or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use of the Offering. The aggregate use by you and all of your Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Party Providers must not exceed the Capacity purchased, and nothing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in this Section is intended to or will be deemed to increase such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capacity.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 4. Hosted Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Service Levels. When you purchase Hosted Services as a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering, we will make the applicable Hosted Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     available to you during the Term in accordance with these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms.  If a Service Level Schedule applies to your Hosted Service\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (as identified in the Specific Hosted Services Terms referenced in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Section 4(I) below), the Service Level Schedule and associated\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     remedies will apply to the availability and uptime of the Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Service. If applicable, service credits will be available for downtime\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in accordance with the Service Level Schedule.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Data Protection. Please refer to Sections 9 and 10 below for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information on Splunk's security and data protection programs for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     our Hosted Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Maintaining Protections. Notwithstanding anything to contrary in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms, or any policy or terms referenced herein via\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hyperlink (or any update thereto), Splunk may not, during a Term\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     materially diminish the security protections provided by the controls\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     set for the Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Connections. You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     telecommunications, broadband and computer equipment and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     services needed to access and use Hosted Services, and for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     paying all associated charges.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Your Responsibility for Data Protection. You are responsible for:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (i) selecting from the security configurations and security options\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     made available by Splunk in connection with a Hosted Service; (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     taking additional measures outside of the Hosted Service to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     extent the Hosted Service Offering does not provide the controls\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that may be required or desired by you; and (iii) routine archiving\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and backing up of Customer Content. You agree to notify Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     immediately if you believe that an unauthorized third party may be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     using your accounts or if your account information is lost or stolen.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (F) Data Restrictions.  You may not transmit and/or store PHI Data,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     PC&I Data or ITAR Data within the Hosted Services unless you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have specifically purchased a Purchased Offering for that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable regulated Hosted Services environment (as identified in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     an Order).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (G) Refund Upon Termination for Splunk's Breach. If a Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Service is terminated by you for Splunk's uncured material breach\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in accordance with these General Terms, Splunk will refund you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any prepaid subscription fees covering the remainder of the Term\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     after the effective date of termination.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (H) Return of Customer Content. Customer Content may be retrieved\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     by you and removed from the Hosted Services in accordance with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the applicable Documentation. We will make the Customer Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     available on the Hosted Services for thirty (30) days after\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     termination of a subscription for your retrieval. After that thirty (30)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     day period, we will have no obligation to maintain the storage of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your Customer Content, and you hereby authorize us thereafter to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     delete all remaining Customer Content, unless we are otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     legally prohibited from doing so. If you require assistance in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     connection with migration of your Customer Content, depending on\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the nature of the request, we may require a mutually agreed upon\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     fee for assistance.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (I) Specific Hosted Services Terms.  Specific security controls and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     certifications, data policies, service descriptions, Service Level\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Schedules and other terms specific to Hosted Services ("Specific\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Services Terms") are set forth here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     www.splunk.com/SpecificTerms, and will apply as applicable.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 5. Support and Maintenance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Your Purchased Offerings may include support and maintenance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 services as part of your purchase. The specific Support Program\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchased with a Purchased Offering will be identified in the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Order. Splunk will provide the purchased level of support and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 maintenance services in accordance with the terms of the Support\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Exhibit attached to these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 6. Configuration and Implementation Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk offers standard services to implement and configure your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Purchased Offerings, subject to the payment of the Fees for these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 services in an Order, and the terms of the Configuration and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Implementation Services Exhibit attached to these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 7. Use Restrictions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Except as expressly permitted in an Order or our Documentation, you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 agree not to (nor allow any third party to): (a) reverse engineer (except\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to the extent specifically permitted by statutory law), decompile,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover source code or underlying\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 structures, ideas or algorithms of any Offering; (b) modify, translate or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 create derivative works based on the Offerings; (c) use an Offering for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 service bureau purposes, or for any purpose other than your own\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Internal Business Purposes; (d) resell, transfer or distribute any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering; (e) access or use any Offering in order to monitor its\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 availability, performance, or functionality for competitive purposes; (f)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 attempt to disable or circumvent any license key or other technological\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 mechanisms or measures intended to prevent, limit or control use or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 copying of, or access to, Offerings; (g) separately use any of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable features and functionalities of the Offerings with external\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applications or code not furnished by Splunk or any data not processed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by the Offering; (h) exceed the Capacity purchased or (i) use any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering in violation of all applicable laws and regulations (including but\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not limited to any applicable privacy and intellectual property laws).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 8. Our Ethics, Compliance and Corporate\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Responsibility\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Ethics and Corporate Responsibility. Splunk is committed to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acting ethically and in compliance with applicable law, and we have\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     policies and guidelines in place designed to provide awareness of,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and compliance with, the laws and regulations that apply to our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     business globally. We are committed to ethical business conduct,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and we strive to perform in accordance with the highest global\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ethical principles, as described in the Splunk Code of Conduct and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Ethics found here: https://investors.splunk.com/code-business-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     conduct-and-ethics-1.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Anti-Corruption. We use diligent efforts to implement and maintain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     programs to ensure compliance with applicable anti-corruption and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     anti-bribery laws. Splunk policy prohibits the offering or soliciting of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any illegal or improper bribe, kickback, payment, gift, or thing of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     value to or from any of your employees or agents in connection with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms. If we learn of any violation of the above, we\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will use reasonable efforts to promptly notify you at the main\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     contact address provided by you to Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Export. We certify that Splunk is not on any of the relevant U.S.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     government lists of prohibited persons, including the Treasury\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Department's List of Specially Designated Nationals and the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Commerce Department's List of Denied Persons or Entity List.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Export information regarding our Offerings, including our export\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     control classifications for our Offerings, is found here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     https://www.splunk.com/en_us/legal/export-controls.html.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 9. Data Protection\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk follows globally recognized data protection principles and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 industry-leading standards for the security of personal data.  Splunk is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 self-certified with the U.S. Department of Commerce for the EU-U.S.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks. Splunk's data protection\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 practices are set forth in Splunk Protects and include (as applicable)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 standard terms for the processing of Personal Data as defined under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 GDPR and Personal Information as defined under the CCPA.  Please\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 refer to the applicable Specific Hosted Services Terms that may apply to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 your Purchased Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 10. Security\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) General Security. Splunk's information security management\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     system ("ISMS") is calibrated to protect the confidentiality, integrity\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and availability of customer data. Splunk employees receive\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     regular training on Splunk's security policies and procedures,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     including annual training on secure data handling practices, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     supplemental, targeted trainings as appropriate. Employees are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     background checked and Splunk vendors are risk assessed prior\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to onboarding to determine if their data protection and security\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     practices meet Splunk's standards.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Offering Security. Hosted Services meet industry leading cloud\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security standards appropriate to the nature of service provided,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     e.g., Splunk Cloud HIPAA Offering certified to HIPAA security\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     requirements.  We have commercially reasonable physical,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     technical and procedural measures in place to protect Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Content against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     disclosure to third parties or unauthorized access by employees or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     contractors employed by Splunk. Any specific and additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security controls for a Hosted Service are set forth in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Documentation and Specific Hosted Services Terms\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     www.splunk.com/SpecificTerms.  Third-party certificates of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance issued as part of Splunk's audited third-party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance program are located on Splunk Protects.  In addition,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for On-Premise Products, which are not provided as a service and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     therefore are not audited for compliance, Splunk follows industry\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     standard security controls for the processing of customer data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     accessed or received through activities such as maintenance,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     implementation or configuration services.  Those industry standard\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security controls are set forth in Splunk's Information Security\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Addendum ("ISA") located at www.splunk.com/on-pre-isa.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Product Development Security. Splunk deploys secure software\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     development practices and uses a risk-based approach when\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applying its standard software development lifecycle (SDLC)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     methodology, which may include such things as performing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security architecture reviews, open source security scans, virus\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     detection, dynamic application security testing, network\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     vulnerability scans and external penetration testing in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     development environment.  Product-specific information about the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     SDLC in our Offerings is detailed more fully in the ISA.  Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Product Security Portal contains detailed information about\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk's program for managing and communicating product\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     vulnerabilities.  Splunk categorizes product vulnerabilities in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     accordance with the Common Vulnerability Scoring System\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ("Medium," "High," or "Critical") and uses commercially reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     efforts to remediate vulnerabilities depending on their severity\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     level in accordance with industry standards.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 11. Usage Data\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 From time to time, Splunk may collect Usage Data generated as a by-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 product of your use of Offerings (e.g., technical information about your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 operating environment and sessions, systems architecture, page loads\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and views, product versions, number and type of searches, number of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 users, source type and format). Usage data does not include Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Content. We collect Usage Data for a variety of reasons, such as to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identify, understand, and anticipate performance issues and the factors\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that affect them, to provide updates and personalized experiences to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customers, and to improve the Splunk Offerings.  Details on Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Usage Data collection practices are set forth in Splunk's Privacy Policy.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 12. Capacity and Usage Verification\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Certification. At Splunk's request, you will furnish Splunk a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     certification signed by your authorized representative verifying that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your use of the Purchased Offering is in accordance with these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     General Terms and the applicable Order. Also, if your Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering requires usage reporting (as specified and agreed in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Order), you agree to provide this reporting pursuant to those\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     requirements.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Specific Product Verification. For On-Premise Products, we may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ask you from time to time, but not more frequently than once per\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     calendar period, to cooperate with us to verify usage and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     adherence to purchased Capacities. If Splunk requests a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     verification process, you agree to provide Splunk reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     access to the On-Premise Product installed at your facility (or as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hosted by your Third Party Provider). If Splunk does any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     verification, it will be performed with as little interference as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     possible to your use of the On-Premise Product and your business\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     operations. Splunk will comply with your (or your Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Providers') reasonable security procedures.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Overages. If a verification or usage report reveals that you have\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     exceeded the purchased Capacity or the scope of your license\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     grant for your Purchased Offering (e.g. used as a service bureau)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     during the period reviewed, then we will have the right to invoice\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you using the applicable Fees at list price then in effect, which will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     be payable in accordance with these General Terms.  Without\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     limiting Splunk's foregoing rights, with respect to Hosted Services,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk may work with you to reduce usage so that it conforms to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the applicable usage limit, and we will in good faith discuss\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     options to right size your subscription as appropriate. For the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything to the contrary\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     herein, Splunk will have the right to directly invoice you for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     overages, regardless of whether you purchased the Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering from an authorized reseller. See the Specific Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services Terms for any additional information related to overages\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for a Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 13. Our Use of Open Source\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Certain Offerings may contain Open Source Software. Splunk makes\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 available in the applicable Documentation a list of Open Source\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Software incorporated in our On-Premise Products as required by the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 respective Open Source Software licenses.  Any Open Source Software\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that is delivered as part of your Offering and which may not be removed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 or used separately from the Offering is covered by the warranty, support\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and indemnification provisions applicable to the Offering.  Some of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Open Source Software may have additional terms that apply to the use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of the Offering (e.g., the obligation for us to provide attribution of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 specific licensor), and those terms will be included in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Documentation; however, these terms will not (a) impose any additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 restrictions on your use of the Offering, or (b) negate or amend any of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our responsibilities with respect to the Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 14. Splunk Developer Tools and Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk makes Splunk Developer Tools available to you so you can\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 develop Extensions for use with your Purchased Offerings (Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that you develop, "Customer Extensions").\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You have a nonexclusive, worldwide, nontransferable, nonsublicensable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 right, subject to the terms of these General Terms, to use Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Developer Tools to (a) copy and modify Splunk Developer Tools to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 develop your Customer Extensions, including to support interoperability\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 between the Offering and your system or environment, and (b) distribute\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 your Customer Extensions exclusively for use with the designated\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering.  Your rights are subject to the following conditions: (x) Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 proprietary legends or notices contained in the Splunk Developer Tools\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 may not be removed or altered when used in or with your Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extension; and (y) you may not make any statement that your Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extension is certified or that its performance is guaranteed by Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You retain title to your Customer Extensions, subject to Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ownership in our Offerings and any materials and technology provided\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by Splunk in connection with the Splunk Developer Tools.  If you allow\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 end users of Customer Extensions to modify or distribute the Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions, you will limit such modification or distribution to use with the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 designated Offering only, and will flow down the conditions in (x) and (y)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 above to end users of Customer Extensions.  You agree to assume full\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 responsibility for the performance and distribution of Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 15. Third Party Extensions, Third Party Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and Unsupported Splunk Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Third Party Extensions. Splunk makes no promises or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     guarantees related to Extensions on Splunkbase developed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and/or made available by a third party ("Third-Party Extension").\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk makes Third Party Extensions available for download on\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunkbase as a convenience to its customers. Splunk neither\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     controls nor endorses, nor is Splunk responsible for, any Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Extension, including the accuracy, integrity, quality, legality,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     usefulness or security of the Third Party Extension. Nothing in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms or on Splunkbase will be deemed to be a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     representation or warranty by Splunk with respect to any Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Extension, even if a particular Third Party Extension is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     identified as "certified" or "validated" for use with an Offering. We\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     may, in our reasonable discretion, block or disable access to any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Third Party Extension at any time. Your use of a Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extension is at your own risk and may be subject to any additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terms, conditions and policies applicable to that Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extension (such as license terms, terms of service, or privacy\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     policies of the providers of such Third Party Extension).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Third Party Content. Hosted Services may contain features or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     functions that enable interoperation with Third Party Content that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you, in your sole discretion, choose to add to a Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     You may be required to obtain access separately to such Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Content from the respective providers, and you may be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     required to grant Splunk access to your accounts with such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     providers to the extent necessary for Splunk to allow the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     interoperation with the Hosted Service. By requesting or allowing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk to enable access to such Third Party Content in connection\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     with the Hosted Services, you certify that you are authorized under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the provider's terms to allow such access.   If you install or enable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (or direct or otherwise authorize Splunk to install or enable) Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Content for use with a Hosted Service where the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     interoperation includes access by the third party provider to your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Content, you hereby authorize Splunk to allow the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provider of such Third Party Content to access Customer Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     as necessary for the interoperation. You agree that Splunk is not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible or liable for disclosure, modification or deletion of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Content resulting from access to Customer Content by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     such Third Party Content, nor is Splunk liable for any damages or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     downtime that you may incur or any impact on your experience of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the Hosted Service, directly or indirectly, as a result of your use of,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and/or reliance upon, any Third Party Content, sites or resources.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Unsupported Splunk Extensions. The Service Level Schedule\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     commitments for any applicable Hosted Services will not apply to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk Extensions labeled on Splunkbase as "Not Supported."\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     You agree that Splunk is not responsible for any impact on your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     experience of a Hosted Service as a result of your installation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and/or use of any "Not Supported" Splunk Extensions, and that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your sole remedy will be to remove the "Not Supported" Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extension from the applicable Hosted Service. Further, some\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk Extensions may not be compatible or certified for use with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that Hosted Service (e.g., only specific Splunk Extensions are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     validated for our FedRAMP authorized environment for Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Cloud). Please refer to the applicable Documentation for more\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information related to the Splunk Extensions compatible with your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     specific Purchased Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 16. Your Compliance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Lawful Use of Offerings. When you access and use an Offering,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you are responsible for complying with all laws, rules, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     regulations applicable to your access and use. This includes being\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible for your Customer Content and users, for your users'\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance with these General Terms, and the accuracy, lawful use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of, and the means by which you acquired your Customer Content.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Registration. You agree to provide accurate and complete\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information when you register for and use any Offering and agree\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to keep this information current. Each person who uses any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering must have a separate username and password. For\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Services, you must provide a valid email address for each\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     person authorized to use your Hosted Services, and you may only\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have one person per username and password. Splunk may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonably require additional information in connection with certain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offerings (e.g., technical information necessary for your connection\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to a Hosted Service), and you will provide this information as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonably requested by Splunk. You are responsible for securing,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     protecting and maintaining the confidentiality of your account\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     usernames, passwords and access tokens.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Export Compliance. You will comply with all applicable export\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     laws and regulations of the United States and any other country\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ("Export Laws") where your users use any of the Offerings. You\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     certify that you are not on any of the relevant U.S. government lists\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of prohibited persons, including the Treasury Department's List of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Specially Designated Nationals and the Commerce Department's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     List of Denied Persons or Entity List. You will not export, re-export,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ship, transfer or otherwise use the Offerings in any country subject\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to an embargo or other sanction by the United States, including,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     without limitation, Iran, Syria, Cuba, the Crimea Region of Ukraine,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Sudan and North Korea, and you will not use any Offering for any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     purpose prohibited by the Export Laws.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) GovCloud Services. If you access or use any Hosted Services in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the specially isolated Amazon Web Services ("AWS") GovCloud\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (US) region (including without limitation any Hosted Services that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     are provisioned in a FedRAMP authorized environment), you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     represent and warrant that users will only access the Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region if users: (i) are "US\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Person(s)" as defined under ITAR (see 22 CFR part 120.15); (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have and will maintain a valid Directorate of Defense Trade\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Controls registration, if required by ITAR; (iii) are not subject to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     export control restrictions under US export control laws and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     regulations (i.e.,  users are not  denied or debarred parties or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     otherwise subject to sanctions); and (iv) maintain an effective\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance program to ensure compliance with applicable US\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     export control laws and regulations, including ITAR, as applicable.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     You are responsible for verifying that any user accessing Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Content in the Hosted Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     is eligible to access to such Customer Content.  The Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region may not be used to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     process or store classified data.   You will be responsible for all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     sanitization costs incurred by Splunk if users introduce classified\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     data into the Hosted Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Acceptable Use. Without limiting any terms under these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms, you will also abide by our Hosted Services acceptable use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     policy: https://www.splunk.com/view/SP-CAAAMB6.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 17. Confidentiality\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Confidential Information. Each party will protect the Confidential\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Information of the other. Accordingly, Receiving Party agrees to: (i)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     protect the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information using the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     same degree of care (but in no event less than reasonable care)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of a similar\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     nature; (ii) limit use of Disclosing Party's Confidential Information\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for purposes consistent with these General Terms, and (iii) use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     commercially reasonable efforts to limit access to Disclosing Party's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Confidential Information to its employees, contractors and agents or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     those of its Affiliates who have a bona fide need to access such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Confidential Information for purposes consistent with these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms and who are subject to confidentiality obligations no less\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     stringent than those herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Compelled Disclosure of Confidential Information.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Notwithstanding the foregoing terms, the Receiving Party may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party if it is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compelled by law enforcement agencies or regulators to do so,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provided the Receiving Party gives the Disclosing Party prior notice\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of such compelled disclosure (to the extent legally permitted) and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonable assistance, at the Disclosing Party's cost, if the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Disclosing Party wishes to contest the disclosure. If the Receiving\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party is compelled to disclose the Disclosing Party's Confidential\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Information as part of a civil proceeding to which the Disclosing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party is a Party, and the Disclosing Party is not contesting the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     disclosure, the Disclosing Party will reimburse the Receiving Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for its reasonable cost of compiling and providing secure access to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     such Confidential Information.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 18. Payment\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The payment terms below only apply when you purchase Offerings\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 directly from Splunk. When you purchase from an authorized reseller,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the payment terms are between you and the authorized reseller.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Fees. You agree to pay all Fees specified in the Orders. Fees are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     non-cancelable and non-refundable, except as otherwise expressly\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     set forth in these General Terms. Without limiting any of our other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     rights or remedies herein, overdue charges may accrue interest\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     monthly at the rate of 1.5% of the then-outstanding unpaid balance,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is lower. Fees are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     due and payable either within 30 days from the date of Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     invoice or as otherwise stated in the Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Credit Cards. If you pay by credit or debit card, you: (i) will provide\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk or its designated third-party payment processor with valid\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     credit or debit card information; and (i) hereby authorize Splunk or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     its designated third-party payment processor to charge such credit\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or debit card for all items listed in the applicable Order. Such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     charges must be paid in advance or in accordance with any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     different billing frequency stated in the applicable Order. You are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information and notifying Splunk in a timely manner of any changes\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to such information.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Taxes. All Fees quoted are exclusive of applicable taxes and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     duties, including any applicable sales and use tax. You are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible for paying any taxes or similar government\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assessments (including, without limitation, value-added, sales, use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or withholding taxes).  We will be solely responsible for taxes\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assessable against us based on our net income, property and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     employees\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 19. Splunk's Warranties\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Relationship to Applicable Law. We will not seek to limit our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     liability, or any of your warranties, rights and remedies, to the extent\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the limits are not permitted by applicable law (e.g., warranties,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     remedies or liabilities that cannot be excluded by applicable law).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) General Corporate Warranty. Splunk warrants that it has the legal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     power and authority to enter into these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Hosted Services Warranty.  Splunk warrants that during the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Term: (i) Splunk will not materially decrease the overall\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     functionality of the Hosted Services; and (ii) the Hosted Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will perform materially in accordance with the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Documentation.  Our sole and exclusive liability, and your sole and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     exclusive remedy for any breach of these warranties, will be your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     right to terminate the applicable Hosted Services Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering, and we will refund to you any prepaid but unused Fees for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the remainder of the Term.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) On-Premise Product Warranty. Splunk warrants that for a period\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of ninety (90) days from the Delivery of an On-Premise Product, the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     On-Premise Product will substantially perform the material\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     functions described in the applicable Documentation for such On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Premise Product, when used in accordance with the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Documentation. Splunk's sole liability, and your sole remedy, for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any failure of the On-Premise Product to conform to the foregoing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranty, is for Splunk to do one of the following (at Splunk's sole\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     option and discretion) (i) modify, or provide an Enhancement for,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the On-Premise Product so that it conforms to the foregoing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranty, (ii) replace your copy of the On-Premise Product with a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     copy that conforms to the foregoing warranty, or (iii) terminate the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering with respect to the non-conforming On-Premise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Product and refund the Fees paid by you for such non-conforming\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     On-Premise Product.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Disclaimer of Implied Warranties.  Except as expressly set\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     forth above, the Offerings are provided "as is" with no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranties or representations whatsoever, express or implied.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk and its suppliers and licensors disclaim all warranties\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and representations, including any implied warranties of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     purpose, noninfringement, or quiet enjoyment, and any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranties arising out of course of dealing or trade usage.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk does not warrant that use of Offerings will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     uninterrupted, error free or secure, or that all defects will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     corrected.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 20. Ownership\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Offerings. As between you and Splunk, Splunk owns and reserves\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     all right, title, and interest in and to the Offerings, developer tools\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and other Splunk materials, including all intellectual property rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     therein. We retain rights in anything delivered or developed by us or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     on our behalf under these General Terms. No rights are granted to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you other than as expressly set forth in these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Customer Content. You own and reserve all right, title and interest\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in your Customer Content. By sending Customer Content to a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Service, you grant us a worldwide, royalty free, non-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     exclusive license to access and use the Customer Content for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     purposes of providing you the Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Feedback. You have no obligation to provide us with ideas for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     improvement, suggestions or other feedback (collectively,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     "Feedback") in connection with an Offering, unless otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     expressly set forth in the applicable Order. If, however, you provide\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any Feedback, you hereby grant to Splunk a non-exclusive,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     transferable, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license (with rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to sublicense) to make, use, sell, offer to sell, reproduce, modify,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     distribute, make available, publicly display and perform, disclose\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and otherwise commercially exploit the Feedback.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 21. Term and Termination\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Term and Renewal. These General Terms will commence upon\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the Effective Date and will remain in effect until the expiration of all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Purchased Offerings, unless earlier terminated pursuant\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to this Section. Termination of a specific Purchased Offering will not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     affect the Term of any other Purchased Offering. Termination of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms will have the effect of terminating all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offerings. Grounds for terminating a Purchased Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (e.g., for non-payment), that are specific to the Purchased Offering,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will not be grounds to terminate Purchased Offerings where no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     breach exists. Unless indicated otherwise in an Order, the Term of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a Purchased Offering (and these General Terms) will automatically\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     renew for an additional period of time equal to the length of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     preceding Term, unless one party notifies the other of its intent not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to renew at least one (1) day in advance of the expiration of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Term or then-current renewal period.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Termination. Either party may terminate these General Terms, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any Purchased Offering, by written notice to the other party in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     event of a material breach of these General Terms, or the specific\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terms associated with that Purchased Offering, that is not cured\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     within thirty (30) days of receipt of the notice. Upon any expiration\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or termination of a Purchased Offering, the rights and licenses\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     granted to you for that Purchased Offering will automatically\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terminate, and you agree to immediately (i) cease using and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     accessing the Offering, (ii) return or destroy all copies of any On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Premise Products and other Splunk materials and Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Confidential Information in your possession or control, and, (iii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     upon our request, certify in writing the completion of such return or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     destruction. Upon termination of these General Terms or any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering, Splunk will have no obligation to refund any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Fees or other amounts received from you during the Term.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Notwithstanding any early termination above, except for your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     termination of our uncured material breach, you will still be required\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to pay all Fees payable under an Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Survival. The termination or expiration of these General Terms will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     not affect any provisions herein which by their nature survive\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     termination or expiration, including the provisions that deal with the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     following subject matters: definitions, ownership of intellectual\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     property, confidentiality, payment obligations, effect of termination,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     limitation of liability, privacy, and the "Miscellaneous" section in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Suspension of Service.   In the event of a material breach or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     threatened material breach of this Agreement, Splunk may, without\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     limiting its other rights and remedies, suspend your use of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Service until such breach is cured or Splunk reasonably\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     believes there is no longer a threat, provided that we will give you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     at least five (5) days' prior notice before suspension. Suspension of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a Hosted Services will have no impact on the duration of the Term\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of the Purchased Offering or the associated Fees owed.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 22. Limitation of Liability\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 In no event will the aggregate liability of either party, together with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any of its Affiliates, arising out of or related to any Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering exceed the total amount paid by you for that Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering in the twelve (12) months preceding the first incident out\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of which the liability arose.  For the avoidance of doubt, the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 foregoing limitation will not limit your obligations under the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Payment" section above, and will not be deemed to limit your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights to any service level credits under any applicable Service\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Level Schedule. Furthermore, the cap above will not be deemed to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 limit Splunk's right to recover amounts for your use of an Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in excess of the Capacity purchased or use outside of Internal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Business Purposes.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 In no event will either party or its Affiliates have any liability arising\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 out of or related to these General Terms for any lost profits,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 revenues, goodwill, or indirect, special, incidental, consequential,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 cover, business interruption or punitive damages.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The foregoing limitations will apply whether the action is in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 contract or tort and regardless of the theory of liability, even if a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 party or its Affiliates have been advised of the possibility of such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 damages or if a party's or its Affiliates' remedy otherwise fails of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 its essential purpose.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The limitation of liability herein will not apply to a party's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 infringement of the other party's intellectual property rights,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 indemnification obligations, or the fraud, gross negligence or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 willful misconduct of a party.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The foregoing disclaimers of damages will also not apply to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 extent prohibited by law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 exclusion or limitation of certain damages. To the extent such a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 law applies to you, some or all of the exclusions or limitations set\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 forth above may not apply to you, and you may have additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 23. Indemnity\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Our Indemnification to You. Splunk will defend and indemnify\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you, and pay all damages (including attorneys' fees and costs)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     awarded against you, or that are agreed to in a settlement, to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     extent a claim, demand, suit or proceeding is made or brought\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     against you or your Affiliates by a third party (including those\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     brought by the government) alleging that a Purchased Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     infringes or misappropriates such third party's patent, copyright,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     trademark or trade secret (a "Customer Claim"). Splunk will have\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     no obligation under the foregoing provision to the extent a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Claim arises from your breach of these General Terms,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your Customer Content, Third Party Extension, or the combination\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of the Offering with: (i) Customer Content; (ii) Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extensions; (iii) any software other than software provided by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk; or (iv) any hardware or equipment. However, Splunk will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     indemnify against combination claims to the extent (y) the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     combined software is necessary for the normal operation of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering (e.g., an operating system), or (z) the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering provides substantially all the essential elements\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of the asserted infringement or misappropriation claim. Splunk may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in its sole discretion and at no cost to you: (1) modify any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering so that it no longer infringes or misappropriates\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a third party right, (2) obtain a license for your continued use of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering, in accordance with these General Terms, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (3) terminate the Purchased Offering and refund to you any prepaid\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     fees covering the unexpired Term.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Your Indemnification to Us. Unless expressly prohibited by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable law, you will defend and indemnify us, and pay all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     damages (including attorneys' fees and costs) awarded against\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk, or that are agreed to in a settlement, to the extent a claim,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     demand, suit or proceeding is made or brought against Splunk or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     its Affiliates by a third party (including those brought by a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     government entity) that: (i) alleges that your Customer Content or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Extensions infringes or misappropriates such third party's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     patent, copyright, trademark or trade secret, or violates another\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     right of a third party; or (ii) alleges that your Customer Content or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your use of any Offering violates applicable law or regulation.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Mutual Indemnity. Each party will defend (or settle), indemnify and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hold harmless at its expense, any action brought against the other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     party by a third party to the extent that it is based upon a claim for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     bodily injury, personal injury (including death) to any person, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     damage to tangible property resulting from the negligent acts or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     willful misconduct of the indemnifying party or its personnel\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hereunder, and will pay any reasonable, direct, out-of-pocket costs,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     damages and reasonable attorneys' fees attributable to such claim\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that are awarded against the indemnified party (or are payable in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     settlement by the indemnified party).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Process for Indemnification. The indemnification obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     above are subject to the party seeking indemnification to: (i) provide\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the other party with prompt written notice of the specific claim; (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     give the indemnifying party sole control of the defense and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     settlement of the claim (except that the indemnifying party may not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     settle any claim that requires any action or forbearance on the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     indemnified party's part without their prior consent, which will not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     unreasonably withhold or delay); and (iii) gives the indemnifying\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     party all reasonable assistance, at such party's expense.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 24. Updates to Offerings\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Offerings and policies may be updated over the course of our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 relationship. From time to time, Splunk may update or modify an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering and our policies, provided that: (a) the change and modification\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applies to all customers generally, and are not targeted to any particular\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customer; (b) no such change or modification will impose additional fees\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 on you during the applicable Term or additional restrictions on your use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of the Offering, or alter our liability or the allocation of risk between us\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 under these General Terms; (c) no such change or modification will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 materially reduce the security protections or overall functionality of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Offering; and (d) any such change or modification will apply\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 only prospectively, and will not apply to any breach or dispute that arose\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 between the parties prior to the effective date of the change or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 modification.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 25. Governing Law\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 These General Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with the laws of the State of California, as if performed wholly within the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 state and without giving effect to the principles of conflict of law. Any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 legal action or proceeding arising under these General Terms will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 brought exclusively in the federal or state courts located in the Northern\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 District of California and the parties hereby consent to personal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 jurisdiction and venue therein. Splunk may seek injunctive or other relief\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in any state, federal, or national court of competent jurisdiction for any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 actual or alleged infringement of intellectual property or other proprietary\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights of Splunk, its Affiliates, or any third party.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Neither the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act nor the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods will apply\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 26. Use of Customer Name\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You agree that we may add your name to our customer list and identify\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you as a Splunk customer on Splunk's websites. Any further public use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of your name in connection with Splunk marketing activities (e.g., press\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 releases) will require your prior approval.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 27. Miscellaneous\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Different Terms. Splunk expressly rejects terms or conditions in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any Customer purchase order or other similar document that are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     different from or additional to the terms and conditions set forth in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms. Such different or additional terms and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     conditions will not become a part of the agreement between the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     parties notwithstanding any subsequent acknowledgement, invoice\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or license key that Splunk may issue.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) No Future Functionality. You agree that your purchase of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering is not contingent on the delivery of any future functionality\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or features, or dependent on any oral or written statements made\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     by Splunk regarding future functionality or features.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Notices. Except as otherwise specified in these General Terms, all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     notices related to these General Terms will be sent in writing to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     addresses set forth in the applicable Order, or to such other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     address as may be specified by either party to the other party, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will be effective upon (i) personal delivery, (ii) the second business\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     day after mailing, or (c), except for notices of termination or an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     indemnifiable claim ("Legal Notices"), which shall clearly be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     identifiable as Legal Notices, the day of sending by email. Billing-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     related notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant billing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     contact designated by Customer. All other notices to Customer will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     be addressed to the relevant system administrator designated by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Assignment. Neither party may assign, delegate or transfer these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     General Terms, in whole or in part, by agreement, operation of law\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or otherwise without the prior written consent of the other party,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     however Splunk may assign these General Terms in whole or in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     part to an Affiliate or in connection with an internal reorganization or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assets to which these General Terms relates. Any attempt to assign\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms other than as permitted herein will be null and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     void. Subject to the foregoing, these General Terms will bind and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     inure to the benefit of the parties' permitted successors and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assigns.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) U.S. Government Use Terms. Splunk provides Offerings for U.S.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     federal government end use solely in accordance with the following:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Government technical data and rights related to Offerings include\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     only those rights customarily provided to the public as defined in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms. This customary commercial license is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provided in accordance with FAR 12.211 (Technical Data) and FAR\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     12.212 (Computer Software) and, for Department of Defense\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     transactions, DFARS 252.227-7015 (Technical Data-Commercial\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Items) and DFARS 227.7202-3 (Rights in Commercial Computer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Software or Commercial Computer Software Documentation). If a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     government agency has a need for rights not conveyed under these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terms, it must negotiate with Splunk to determine if there are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acceptable terms for transferring such rights, and a mutually\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acceptable written addendum specifically conveying such rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     must be included in any applicable contract or agreement.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (F) Waiver; Severability. The waiver by either party of a breach of or a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     default under these General Terms will not be effective unless in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     writing. The failure by either party to enforce any provisions of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms will not constitute a waiver of any other right\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hereunder or of any subsequent enforcement of that or any other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provisions. If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms invalid or unenforceable, the remaining\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provisions of these General Terms will remain in full force and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     effect, and the provision affected will be construed so as to be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     enforceable to the maximum extent permissible by law.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (G) Integration; Entire Agreement. These General Terms along with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any additional terms incorporated herein by reference, constitute\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the complete and exclusive understanding and agreement between\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the parties and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     agreements, communications and understandings, written or oral,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     relating to their subject matter. Except as otherwise expressly set\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     forth herein, any waiver, modification or amendment of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provision of these General Terms will be effective only if in writing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and signed by duly authorized representatives of both parties.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (H) Force Majeure. Neither party or its Affiliates, subsidiaries, officers,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     directors, employees, agents, partners and licensors will (except for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the obligation to make any payments) be liable for any delay or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     failure to perform any obligation under these General Terms where\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the delay or failure results from any cause beyond their reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     control, including, without limitation, acts of God, labor disputes or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     other industrial disturbances, electrical, telecommunications, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     other utility failures, earthquake, storms or other elements of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     nature, blockades, embargoes, riots, acts or orders of government,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acts of terrorism, or war.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (I) Independent Contractors; No Third Party Beneficiaries. The\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     parties are independent contractors. These General Terms does\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     not create a partnership, franchise, joint venture, agency, fiduciary\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or employment relationship between the parties. There are no third-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     party beneficiaries of these General Terms. Neither party has the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     authority to bind or act on behalf of the other party in any capacity\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or circumstance whether by contract or otherwise.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 General Terms Definitions Exhibit\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Affiliates" means a corporation, partnership or other entity controlling,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 controlled by or under common control with such party, but only so long\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 as such control continues to exist. For purposes of this definition,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "control" means ownership, directly or indirectly, of greater than fifty\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 percent (50%) of the voting rights in such entity (or, in the case of a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 noncorporate entity, equivalent rights).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Capacity" means the measurement of usage of an Offering (e.g.,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 aggregate daily volume of data indexed, specific source type rights,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 number of search and compute units, number of monitored accounts,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 virtual CPUs, user seats, use cases, storage capacity, etc.) that is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchased for an Offering, as set forth in the applicable Order. The\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capacities for each of our Offerings can be found here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 https://www.splunk.com/en_us/legal/licensed-capacity.html.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "CCPA" means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Confidential Information" means all nonpublic information disclosed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by a party ("Disclosing Party") to the other party ("Receiving Party"),\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 whether orally or in writing, that is designated as "confidential" or that,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 given the nature of the information or circumstances surrounding its\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 disclosure, should reasonably be understood to be confidential.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Notwithstanding the foregoing, "Confidential Information" does not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 include any information that: (i) is or becomes generally known to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 public without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 was known to the Receiving Party prior to its disclosure by the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Disclosing Party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Party, (iii) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 owed to the Disclosing Party, or (iv) was independently developed by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Receiving Party.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Content Subscription" means the right of Customer to receive content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable to an Offering (e.g., models, templates, searches, playbooks,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rules and configurations, as described in the relevant Documentation)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 on a periodic basis over the applicable Term.  Content Subscriptions are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchased as an add-on service and are identified in an Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Customer Content" means any data that is ingested by or on behalf of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you into an Offering from your internal data sources.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Delivery" means the date of Splunk's initial delivery of the license key\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 for the applicable Offering or, for Hosted Services, the date Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 makes the applicable Offering available to you for access and use.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Documentation" means the online user guides, documentation and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 help and training materials published on Splunk's website (such as at\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation) or accessible through the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Offering, as may be updated by Splunk from time to time.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Enhancements" means any updates, upgrades, releases, fixes,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 enhancements or modifications to a Purchased Offering made generally\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 commercially available by Splunk to its customers under the terms and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conditions in the Support Exhibit.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Extension" means any separately downloadable or accessible suite,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 configuration file, add-on, technical add-on, example module, command,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 function, playbook, content or application that extends the features or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 functionality of the applicable Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Fees" means the fees that are applicable to an Offering, as identified in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "GDPR" means the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data) as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 updated, amended or replaced from time to time.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "HIPAA" means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of 1996, as amended and supplemented by the Health Information\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Hosted Service" means a technology service hosted by or on behalf of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk and provided to you.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Internal Business Purpose" means your use of an Offering for your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 own internal business operations, based on the analysis, monitoring or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 processing of your data from your systems, net-works and devices.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Such use does not include use on a service bureau basis or otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to provide services to, or process data for, any third party, or otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use to monitor or service the systems, networks and devices of third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 parties.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "ITAR Data" means information protected by the International Traffic in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Arms Regulations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Offerings" means the products, services and other offerings that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk makes generally available, including without limitation On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Premise Products, Hosted Services, Support Programs, Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Subscriptions and Configuration and Implementation Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "On-Premise Product" means the Splunk software that is delivered to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you and deployed and operated by you or on your behalf on hardware\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 designated by you, and any Enhancements made available to you by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Open Source Software" means software that is licensed under a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 license approved by the Open Source Initiative or similar freeware\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 license, with terms requiring that such software code be (i) disclosed or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 distributed in source code or object code form, (ii) licensed for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purpose of making derivative works, and/or (iii) redistribute under the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 same license terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Orders" means Splunk's quote or ordering document (including online\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 order form) accepted by you via your purchase order or other ordering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 document submitted to Splunk (directly or indirectly through an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 authorized reseller) to order Offerings, which references the Offering,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capacity, pricing and other applicable terms set forth in an applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk quote or ordering document. Orders do not include the terms of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any preprinted terms on your purchase order or other terms on a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchase order that are additional or inconsistent with the terms of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "PC&I Data" means credit card information within the scope of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "PHI" means any protected health data, as defined under HIPAA.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Purchased Offerings" means the services, subscriptions and licenses\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to Offerings that are acquired by you under Orders, whether directly or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 through an authorized reseller.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Service Level Schedule" means a Splunk policy that applies to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 availability and uptime of a Hosted Service and which, if applicable,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 offers service credits as set forth therein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunkbase" means Splunk's online directory of or platform for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions, currently located at https://splunkbase.splunk.com and any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and all successors, replacements, new versions, derivatives, updates\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and upgrades and any other similar platform(s) owned and/or controlled\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunk Developer Tool" means the standard application programming\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 interface, configurations, software development kits, libraries, command\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 line interface tools, other tooling (including scaffolding and data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 generation tools), integrated development environment plug-ins or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 extensions, code examples, tutorials, reference guides and other related\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 materials identified and provided by Splunk to facilitate or enable the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 creation of Extensions or otherwise support interoperability between the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Software and your system or environment.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunk Extensions" means Extensions made available through\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunkbase that are identified on Splunkbase as built by Splunk (and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not by any third party).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Support Programs" are the Support Programs offered by Splunk and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified here: http://www.splunk.com/en_us/support-and-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 services/support-programs.html\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Term" means the duration of your subscription or license to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Offering that starts and ends on the date listed on the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Order. If no start date is specified in an Order, the start date\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will be the Delivery date of the Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Third Party Content" means information, data, technology or materials\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 made available to you by any third party that you license and add to a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Hosted Service or direct Splunk to install in connection with a Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Service. Third Party Content includes but is not limited to, Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions, web-based or offline software applications, data service or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 content that are provided by third parties.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Usage Data" means data generated from the usage, configuration,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 deployment, access and performance of an Offering. For example, this\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 may include such things as information about your operating\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 environment, such as your network and systems architecture, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 sessions, such as page loads and session views, duration, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 interactions, errors, number of searches, source types and format (e.g.,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 json, xml, csv), ingest volume, number of active and licensed users, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 search concurrency. Usage Data does not include Customer Content.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Exhibit to Splunk General Terms\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This Support Exhibit forms a part of the Splunk General Terms and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 governs your purchase, and Splunk's provision of Support Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 1. Support Programs\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Programs purchased as part of a Purchased Offering will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified in your applicable Order. Splunk will provide you the level of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Services described under the purchased Support Program,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subject to your payment of applicable Fees. "Support Programs" are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Support Programs offered by Splunk and identified here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 http://www.splunk.com/en_us/support-and-services/support-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 programs.html.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 2. Support Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Support Services" include technical support for your Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offerings, and, when available, the provision of Enhancements for your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Purchased Offerings, subject to the Support Policy described below.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Technical support under a Support Program is available via email or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 web portal, and certain Support Programs also make support available\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 via telephone. Support Services will be delivered by a member of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk's technical support team during the regional hours of operation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable under the Support Program. Support Services are delivered\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in English unless you are in a location where we have made localized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Services available.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 3. Support Policy\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Support Policy, provided here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 https://www.splunk.com/en_us/legal/splunk-software-support-policy.html\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ("Support Policy") describes the duration of our Support Services for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 certain Splunk On-Premise Products and other policies associated with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our Support Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 As we release new versions for our Offerings, we discontinue Support\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services for certain older versions.  Our Support Policy sets forth the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 schedule for the duration of support, and end of support, for Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 versions.  The current versions of our Offerings that are supported\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 under our Support Policy, and will be our "Supported Versions" herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 For the avoidance of doubt, the Support Policy may not apply to Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services, and the product and services version we make available as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our Hosted Services will be deemed Supported Versions herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 4. Case Priority\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Each Support Program offers different support levels for your case\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 priority levels. When submitting a case, you will select the priority for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 initial response by logging the case online, in accordance with the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 priority guidelines set forth under your Support Program. When the case\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 is received, we may in good faith change the priority if the issue does\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not conform to the criteria for the selected priority. When that happens,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 we will provide you with notice (electronic or otherwise) of such change.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 5. Exclusions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We will have no obligation to provide support for issues caused by any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of the following (each, a "Customer Generated Error"): (i)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 modifications to an Offering not made by Splunk; (ii) use of an Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 other than as authorized in the Agreement or as provided in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Documentation; (iii) damage to the machine on which an On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Premise Product is installed; (iv) use of a version of an Offering other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 than the Supported Version; (vi) third-party products that are not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 expressly noted in the Documentation as supported by Splunk; or (vi)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conflicts related to replacing or installing hardware, drivers, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 software that are not expressly supported by Splunk and described in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the applicable Documentation. If we determine that support requested\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by you is for an issue caused by a Customer Generated Error, we will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 notify you of that fact as soon as reasonably possible under the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 circumstances. If you agree that we should provide support for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Customer Generated Error via a confirming email, then we will have the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 right to invoice you at our then-current time and materials rates for any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 such support provided by us.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 6. Support for Splunk Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Only Splunk Extensions that are labeled as "Splunk Supported" on\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunkbase, or other Splunk-branded marketplace, are eligible for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 support, and this support is limited. For those labeled Splunk Supported,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 we will provide an initial response and acknowledgement in accordance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with the P3 terms that are applicable in the applicable Support Program.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Enhancements for Splunk Extensions labeled as Splunk Supported\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 when made available. No other terms of a Support Program will apply to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 a Splunk Application. For those labeled as "Not Supported," Splunk will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 have no support obligations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 7. Authorized Support Contacts\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You are entitled to have a certain number of Support Contacts under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 each Support Program. "Support Contacts" means the individual(s)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 specified by you that are authorized to submit support cases.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The number of Support Contacts will be based on the Capacity of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering purchased, and the applicable Support Program. The number\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of Support Contacts will be set forth in customer's entitlement\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 information on the Splunk support portal.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We only take support requests from, and communicate with, your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Contacts in connection with support cases. We strongly\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 recommend that your Support Contact(s) are trained on the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering. In order to designate Support Contacts, you must provide the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 individual's primary email address and Splunk.com login ID.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 8. Defect Resolution\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Should we determine that an Offering has a defect, we will, at our sole\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 option, repair the defect in the version of the Offering that you are then\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 currently using or instruct you to install a newer version of the Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with that defect repaired. We reserve the right to provide you with a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 workaround in lieu of fixing a defect should we in our sole judgment\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 determine that it is more effective to do so.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 9. Your Assistance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Should you report a purported defect or error in an Offering, we may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 require you to provide us with the following information: (a) a general\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 description of your operating environment; (b) a list of all hardware\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 components, operating systems and networks; (c) a reproducible test\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 case; and (d) any log files, trace and systems files. Your failure to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provide this information may prevent us from identifying and fixing that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purported defect.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 10. Changes to Support Programs\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You acknowledge that, subject to the Support Policy, and subject to any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 commitment we have under an Order with you, we have the right to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 discontinue the manufacture, development, sale or support of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering, at any time, in our sole discretion. We further reserve the right\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to alter Support Programs from time to time, using reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 discretion, but in no event will such alterations, during the Term of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Order, result in diminished Support Services from the level of your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable purchased Support Program.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Configuration and Implementation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Exhibit to Splunk General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This Configuration and Implementation Services Exhibit forms a part of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Splunk General Terms and governs your purchase, and Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provision of Configuration and Implementation Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capitalized terms below are defined in the General Terms, this\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Exhibit or in the Definition Exhibit attached to this Exhibit.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 1. Services and Statements of Work\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We will perform the C&I Services for you that are set forth in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Statements of Work.  You will pay the Fees under each\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Statement of Work in accordance with these General Terms, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 otherwise as we may expressly agree in the applicable Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 In each Statement of Work, we will designate our primary point of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 contact for you for all matters relating to the applicable C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (which we may change from time to time upon notice).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 2. Our Personnel\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Qualifications. The Personnel we assign to perform the C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will be qualified, skilled, experienced and otherwise fit for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 performance of the C&I Services. If you, in your reasonable judgement,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 determine that Personnel assigned to your project are unfit, we will in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 good faith discuss alternatives, and we will replace Personnel as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 reasonably necessary. You acknowledge that any replacement may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 cause delay in the performance of the C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Personnel Conduct. Our Personnel are subject to our Splunk Code of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Conduct and Ethics https://investors.splunk.com/code-business-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conduct-and-ethics-1, which includes, without limitation, an obligation to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 comply with our policies on protecting customer information, prohibitions\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 on illegal drugs and any impaired job performance, avoiding conflicts of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 interest, and acting ethically at all times. We also background check our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 employees, per the Section below.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Use of Subcontractors. We reserve the right to use subcontractors in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 performance of the C&I Services, provided: (a) any subcontractor we\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use meets the requirements herein and conditions of these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms and the Statement of Work; (b) we will be responsible for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subcontractor's compliance with the terms herein and the Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work; and (c) upon your request or inquiry, we will identify any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subcontractor that we are using, or plan to use, for C&I Services, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will cooperate in good faith to provide you with all relevant information\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 regarding such subcontractors.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 No Employee Benefits. We acknowledge and agree that our Personnel\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 are not eligible for or entitled to receive any compensation, benefits, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 other incidents of employment that you make available to your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 employees.  We are solely responsible for all employment related taxes,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 expenses, withholdings, and other similar statutory obligations arising\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 out of the relationship between us and our Personnel and the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 performance of C&I Services by such Personnel.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 3. Our Background Checks, Security and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Compliance Obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Compliance with Your Security Program. While on your premises,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our Personnel will comply with your security practices and procedures\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 generally prescribed by you for onsite visitors and service providers.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 However, any requirement that is in addition to the compliance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 requirements set forth in this Schedule (e.g., background checks that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 are different from the background checks described herein) must be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 expressly set forth in a Statement of Work. We agree to discuss in good\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 faith any condition or requirement you may have for our Personnel that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 are different from standard policies, however any additional requirement\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 may delay C&I Services, and must be vetted and implemented by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 mutual agreement of the parties and expressly set forth in a Statement\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of Work.  Splunk does not guarantee that it will be able to meet any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 additional requested requirements.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Security Practices. We implement and follow an enterprise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 security program, with the policies, plans, and procedures set forth here\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 www.splunk.com/prof-serv-isa. Our Personnel will be subject to the data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 protection and confidentiality obligations set forth in these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms with respect to any of your data that we may have access to in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 connection with the C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Background Checks. For U.S.-based projects, we will not assign an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 employee to perform C&I Services under a Statement of Work unless\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 we have run the following background check on the employee:  Criminal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Felony & Misdemeanor; SSN Validation; Federal Criminal; SSN Trace;\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Employment Report - Three (3) Employers; Education Report - One (1)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Institution; Global Sanctions & Enforcement; Prohibited Parties;\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Widescreen Plus National Criminal Search. You acknowledge that such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 background checks may not be permitted or customary outside the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 United States.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Permissions for Access. In the event you require any Personnel to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 sign any waivers, releases, or other documents as a condition to gain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 access to your premises for performance of the C&I Services ("Access\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Documents"),  you agree: (a) that Personnel who will be required to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 sign Access Documents will sign on behalf of Splunk; (b) that any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 additional or conflicting terms in Access Documents with these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms will have no effect; and (c) you will pursue any claims for breach\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of any terms in the Access Documents against Splunk and not the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 individual signing.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 4. Your Materials\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We will have no rights in or to any Customer Materials, however you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 grant us the right to use Customer Materials in order to provide the C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services. Nothing in these General Terms will deemed to transfer to us\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any ownership of Customer Materials.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 5. C&I Services Materials and Customizations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Unique to You\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services Materials.  The C&I Services we perform (e.g.,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 configuration of our Offerings), and the C&I Services Materials we offer,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 create, and deliver to you in connection with the C&I Services, are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 generally applicable to our business, and therefore we require the right\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to be able to re-use the C&I Services Materials we create for one\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customer in connection with all of our customers.  For the avoidance of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 doubt, our use of the C&I Services Materials created for you in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 connection with C&I Services will comply with our ongoing obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and restrictions with respect to your Customer Materials and your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Confidential Information, and we will not identify you in any way in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 connection with our further use of such C&I Services Materials.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Customer Owned Work Product.  However, in the unlikely event that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the parties agree that C&I Services Materials for a project are custom\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 work product unique to your business, and not applicable to other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customers generally, we will transfer ownership to those agreed C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Materials to you under the applicable Statement of Work. C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Materials must be expressly identified as "Customer Owned\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work Product" under a Statement of Work for ownership to pass to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you. Subject to payment of applicable Fees under the Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work, we hereby assign to you all rights, title and interest (including all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Intellectual Property Rights therein) in and to all C&I Services Materials\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified as Customer Owned Work Product (but excluding all Pre-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Existing Splunk IP incorporated into the Customer Owned Work\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Product).  At your request and expense, we will assist and cooperate\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with you in all reasonable respects and will execute documents, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 take such further acts reasonably requested by you to enable you to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 acquire, transfer, maintain, perfect and enforce your ownership rights in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 such Customer Owned Work Product.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Ownership.  Subject to your ownership rights in Customer Owned\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work Product and Customer Materials, we will own all rights in and to all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services Materials.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 License Rights. For those C&I Services Materials that are not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Customer Owned Work Product, you will have the right to access and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use those C&I Services Materials in connection with your applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offerings, and those rights will be of the same scope and duration as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 your rights to the underlying Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 6. C&I Services Warranty\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We warrant that the C&I Services will be performed in a good and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 workmanlike manner consistent with applicable industry standards.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This warranty will be in effect for a period of thirty (30) days from the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 completion of any C&I Services.  As your sole and exclusive remedy\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and our entire liability for any breach of the foregoing warranty, we will,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 at our option and expense, promptly re-perform any C&I Services that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 fail to meet this warranty or refund to you the fees paid for the non-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conforming C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 7. Your Cooperation\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You acknowledge that your timely provision of (and our access to) your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 facilities, equipment, assistance, cooperation, data, information and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 materials from your officers, agents and employees (the "Cooperation")\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 is essential to Splunk's performance of the C&I Services.  We will not be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 liable for any delay or deficiency in performing the C&I Services if you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 do not provide the necessary Cooperation.  As part of the Cooperation,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you will (1) designate a project manager or technical lead to liaise with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 us while we perform the C&I Services; (2)  allocate and engage\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 additional resources as may be required to assist us in performing the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services; and (3) making available to us any data, information and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any other materials reasonably required by us to perform the C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services, including any data, information or materials specifically\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified in the Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 8. Insurance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Throughout any period of C&I Services we perform for you, we will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 maintain insurance policies in the types and amounts described below\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 at our own expense:\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Commercial General Liability Insurance with a limit of not less than\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 $1,000,000 per occurrence and a general aggregate limit of not less\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 than $2,000,000.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Business Auto Insurance with a limit of not less than $1,000,000 per\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 accident.  Such Insurance will cover liability arising out of "hired and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 non-owned" automobiles.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Worker's Compensation Insurance as required by workers'\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 compensation, occupational disease and occupational health and safety\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 laws, statutes and regulations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Technology Errors & Omissions Insurance with a limit of not less than\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 $3,000,000.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Umbrella/Excess Insurance with a limit of not less than $3,000,000.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 9. Change Order Process\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You may submit written requests to us to change the scope of C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services described in a Statement of Work (each such request, a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Change Order Request").  If we elect to consider a Change Order\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Request, then we will promptly notify you if we believe that the Change\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Order Request requires an adjustment to the fees or to the schedule for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the performance of the C&I Services.  In such event, the parties will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 negotiate in good faith a reasonable and equitable adjustment to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 fees and/or schedule, as applicable.  We will continue to perform C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services pursuant to the existing Statement of Work and will have no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 obligation to perform any Change Order Request unless and until the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 parties have agreed in writing to such an equitable adjustment.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 10. Expenses\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Unless otherwise specified in the Statement of Work, we will not charge\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you for our expenses we incur in connection with a Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our daily C&I Services rates are inclusive of any expenses. In the event\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the parties agree that expenses are reimbursable under a Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work, we will mutually agree on any travel policy and any required\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 documentation for re-imbursement.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 11. Prepaid C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Unless otherwise expressly stated in a Statement of Work, all prepaid\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services must be redeemed within twelve (12) months from the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 date of purchase/invoice. At the end of the twelve (12) month term, any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 remaining pre-paid unused C&I Services will expire; no refunds will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provided for any remaining pre-paid unused C&I Services. Unless\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 otherwise specifically stated in a Statement of Work, Education is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 invoiced and payable in advance.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Configuration and Implementation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Definitions Exhibit\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "C&I Services" means the services outlined in the Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "C&I Services Materials" means the materials and other deliverables\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that are provided to you as part of the C&I Services, and any materials,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 technology, know-how and other innovations of any kind that we or our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Personnel may create or reduce to practice in the course of performing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the C&I Services, including without limitation all improvements or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 modifications to our proprietary technology, and all Intellectual Property\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Rights therein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Customer Materials" means the data, information, and materials you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provide to us in connection with your use of the C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Fees" means the fees that are applicable to the C&I Services, as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified in the Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Intellectual Property Rights" means all worldwide intellectual property\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights, including copyrights and other rights in works of authorship;\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights in trademarks, tradenames, and other designations of source or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 origin; rights in trade secrets and confidential information; and patents\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and patent applications.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Offerings" means the products, services and other offerings that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk makes generally available for purchase and use.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Orders" means Splunk's quote or ordering document (including online\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 order form) accepted by you via your purchase order or other ordering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 document submitted to Splunk (directly or indirectly through an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 authorized reseller) to order C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Personnel" means any employee, consultant, contractor, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subcontractor of Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunk Preexisting IP" means, with respect to any C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Materials, all associated Splunk Technology and all Intellectual Property\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Rights created or acquired: (a) prior to the date of the Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work that includes such C&I Services Materials, or (b) after the date of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 such Statement of Work but independently of the C&I Services provided\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 under such Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Statement of Work" means the statements of work and/or any all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Orders that describe the specific services to be performed by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk, including any materials and deliverables to be delivered by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 SPLUNK GENERAL TERMS (v1.2020)\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Do you agree with this license? [y/n]: y\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This appears to be an upgrade of Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------)\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk has detected an older version of Splunk installed on this machine. To\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 finish upgrading to the new version, Splunk's installer will automatically\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 update and alter your current configuration files. Deprecated configuration\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 files will be renamed with a .deprecated extension.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You can choose to preview the changes that will be made to your configuration\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 files before proceeding with the migration and upgrade:\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 If you want to migrate and upgrade without previewing the changes that will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 made to your existing configuration files, choose 'y'.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 If you want to see what changes will be made before you proceed with the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 upgrade, choose 'n'.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Perform migration and upgrade without previewing configuration changes? [y/n] y\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 -- Migration information is being logged to '/opt/splunkforwarder/var/log/splunk/migration.log.2021-06-14.15-48-35' --\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Migrating to:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 VERSION=8.2.0\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 BUILD=e053ef3c985f\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 PRODUCT=splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 PLATFORM=Linux-x86_64\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 It seems that the Splunk default certificates are being used. If certificate validation is turned on using the default certificates (not-recommended), this may result in loss of communication in mixed-version Splunk environments after upgrade.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "/opt/splunkforwarder/etc/auth/ca.pem": already a renewed Splunk certificate: skipping renewal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "/opt/splunkforwarder/etc/auth/cacert.pem": already a renewed Splunk certificate: skipping renewal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 [App Key Value Store migration] Binary for service(34) is missing.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 [App Key Value Store migration] Binary for service(34) is missing.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 [DFS] Performing migration.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 [DFS] Finished migration.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 execve: No such file or directory\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0   while running command /usr/sbin/update-rc.d\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# sudo dpkg -i splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 (Lecture de la base de donn\'e9es... 141476 fichiers et r\'e9pertoires d\'e9j\'e0 install\'e9s.)\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Pr\'e9paration du d\'e9paquetage de splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This looks like an upgrade of an existing Splunk Server. Attempting to stop the installed Splunk Server...\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 splunkd is not running.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 D\'e9paquetage de splunkforwarder (8.2.0) sur (8.2.0) ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Param\'e9trage de splunkforwarder (8.2.0) ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 complete\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# /opt/splunkforwarder/bin/splunk enable boot-start\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 SPLUNK GENERAL TERMS\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Last updated: February 13, 2020\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 These Splunk General Terms ("General Terms") between\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk Inc., a Delaware corporation, with its principal place\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of business at 270 Brannan Street, San Francisco,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 California 94107, U.S.A ("Splunk" or "we" or "us" or "our")\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and you ("Customer" or "you" or "your") apply to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchase of licenses and subscriptions for Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offerings. By clicking on the appropriate button, or by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 downloading, installing, accessing or using the Offerings,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you agree to these General Terms. If you are entering into\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 these General Terms on behalf of Customer, you represent\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that you have the authority to bind Customer. If you do not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 agree to these General Terms, or if you are not authorized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to accept the General Terms on behalf of the Customer, do\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not download, install, access, or use any of the Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 See the General Terms Definitions Exhibit attached for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 definitions of capitalized terms not defined herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 1. License Rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) General Rights. You have the nonexclusive, worldwide,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     nontransferable and nonsublicensable right, subject to payment of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Fees and compliance with the terms of these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms, to use your Purchased Offerings for your Internal Business\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purposes during the Term and up to the Capacity purchased.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Copies for On-Premise Products. You have the right to make a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonable number of copies of On-Premise Products for archival\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and back-up purposes.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Splunk Extensions. You may use Splunk Extensions in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     connection with the applicable Purchased Offering subject to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     same terms and conditions for that Offering (including with respect\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to Term) and payment of any Fees associated with the Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extensions. Some Splunk Extensions may be made available under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     license terms that provide broader rights than the license rights you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have to the applicable underlying Offering (e.g., if the Extension is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Open Source Software). These broader rights will apply to that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk Extension. Splunk Extensions may be installed on Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services pursuant to our instructions.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Trials, Evaluations, Beta and Free Licenses.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (i) Trials and Evaluations. Offerings provided for trials and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     evaluations, as specified in an Order, are provided at no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     charge, and their use will be for the specified limited duration.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (ii) Beta Licenses. Some Offerings may be available to you as a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     preview, or as an alpha, beta or other pre-release version\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (each, a "Beta Offering"). All rights for Beta Offerings are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     solely for internal testing and evaluation.  Your use of a Beta\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering will be for the term specified by us, and if no term is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     specified, then for the earlier of one year from the start date of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the Beta Offering or when that version of the Beta Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     becomes generally available.  We may discontinue the Beta\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering at any time and may decide not to make any of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     features and functionality generally available\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (iii) Free Licenses. From time to time, we may make certain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offerings available for full use (i.e., not subject to limited\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     evaluation purposes) at no charge. These free Offerings may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have limited features, functions and other technical limitations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Test and Development Licenses.  For Offerings identified as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     "Test and Development" Offerings on your Order, you only have the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     right to use those Offerings up to the applicable Capacity on a non-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     production system for non-production uses, including product\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     migration testing or pre-production staging, or testing new data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     sources, types, or use cases.  Test and Development Offerings\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     may not be used for any revenue generation, commercial activity,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or other productive business or purpose.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (F) Limitations.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     General Terms, we do not provide maintenance and support,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranties, or indemnification for Test and Development Offerings,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     trials, evaluations, or free or Beta Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 2. Purchasing Through Authorized Resellers\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 If you purchase Offerings through a Splunk authorized reseller, these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 General Terms will govern those Offerings. Your payment obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 for the Purchased Offerings will be with the authorized reseller, not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk. You will have no direct Fee payment obligations to Splunk for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 those Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Any terms agreed to between you and the authorized reseller that are in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 addition to these General Terms are solely between you and the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 authorized reseller. No agreement between you and an authorized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 reseller is binding on Splunk, or will have any force or effect with respect\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to the rights in, or the operation, use or provision of, the Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 3. Your Contractors and Third Party Providers\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You may permit your authorized consultants, contractors, and agents\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ("Third Party Providers") to access and use your Purchased Offerings,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 but only on your behalf in connection with providing services to you, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subject to the terms and conditions of these General Terms. Any access\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 or use by a Third Party Provider will be subject to the same limitations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and restrictions that apply to you under these General Terms, and you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will be responsible for any Third Party Provider's actions relating to or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use of the Offering. The aggregate use by you and all of your Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Party Providers must not exceed the Capacity purchased, and nothing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in this Section is intended to or will be deemed to increase such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capacity.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 4. Hosted Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Service Levels. When you purchase Hosted Services as a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering, we will make the applicable Hosted Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     available to you during the Term in accordance with these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms.  If a Service Level Schedule applies to your Hosted Service\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (as identified in the Specific Hosted Services Terms referenced in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Section 4(I) below), the Service Level Schedule and associated\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     remedies will apply to the availability and uptime of the Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Service. If applicable, service credits will be available for downtime\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in accordance with the Service Level Schedule.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Data Protection. Please refer to Sections 9 and 10 below for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information on Splunk's security and data protection programs for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     our Hosted Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Maintaining Protections. Notwithstanding anything to contrary in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms, or any policy or terms referenced herein via\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hyperlink (or any update thereto), Splunk may not, during a Term\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     materially diminish the security protections provided by the controls\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     set for the Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Connections. You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     telecommunications, broadband and computer equipment and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     services needed to access and use Hosted Services, and for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     paying all associated charges.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Your Responsibility for Data Protection. You are responsible for:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (i) selecting from the security configurations and security options\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     made available by Splunk in connection with a Hosted Service; (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     taking additional measures outside of the Hosted Service to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     extent the Hosted Service Offering does not provide the controls\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that may be required or desired by you; and (iii) routine archiving\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and backing up of Customer Content. You agree to notify Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     immediately if you believe that an unauthorized third party may be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     using your accounts or if your account information is lost or stolen.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (F) Data Restrictions.  You may not transmit and/or store PHI Data,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     PC&I Data or ITAR Data within the Hosted Services unless you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have specifically purchased a Purchased Offering for that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable regulated Hosted Services environment (as identified in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     an Order).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (G) Refund Upon Termination for Splunk's Breach. If a Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Service is terminated by you for Splunk's uncured material breach\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in accordance with these General Terms, Splunk will refund you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any prepaid subscription fees covering the remainder of the Term\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     after the effective date of termination.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (H) Return of Customer Content. Customer Content may be retrieved\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     by you and removed from the Hosted Services in accordance with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the applicable Documentation. We will make the Customer Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     available on the Hosted Services for thirty (30) days after\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     termination of a subscription for your retrieval. After that thirty (30)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     day period, we will have no obligation to maintain the storage of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your Customer Content, and you hereby authorize us thereafter to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     delete all remaining Customer Content, unless we are otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     legally prohibited from doing so. If you require assistance in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     connection with migration of your Customer Content, depending on\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the nature of the request, we may require a mutually agreed upon\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     fee for assistance.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (I) Specific Hosted Services Terms.  Specific security controls and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     certifications, data policies, service descriptions, Service Level\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Schedules and other terms specific to Hosted Services ("Specific\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Services Terms") are set forth here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     www.splunk.com/SpecificTerms, and will apply as applicable.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 5. Support and Maintenance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Your Purchased Offerings may include support and maintenance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 services as part of your purchase. The specific Support Program\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchased with a Purchased Offering will be identified in the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Order. Splunk will provide the purchased level of support and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 maintenance services in accordance with the terms of the Support\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Exhibit attached to these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 6. Configuration and Implementation Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk offers standard services to implement and configure your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Purchased Offerings, subject to the payment of the Fees for these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 services in an Order, and the terms of the Configuration and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Implementation Services Exhibit attached to these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 7. Use Restrictions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Except as expressly permitted in an Order or our Documentation, you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 agree not to (nor allow any third party to): (a) reverse engineer (except\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to the extent specifically permitted by statutory law), decompile,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover source code or underlying\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 structures, ideas or algorithms of any Offering; (b) modify, translate or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 create derivative works based on the Offerings; (c) use an Offering for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 service bureau purposes, or for any purpose other than your own\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Internal Business Purposes; (d) resell, transfer or distribute any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering; (e) access or use any Offering in order to monitor its\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 availability, performance, or functionality for competitive purposes; (f)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 attempt to disable or circumvent any license key or other technological\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 mechanisms or measures intended to prevent, limit or control use or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 copying of, or access to, Offerings; (g) separately use any of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable features and functionalities of the Offerings with external\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applications or code not furnished by Splunk or any data not processed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by the Offering; (h) exceed the Capacity purchased or (i) use any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering in violation of all applicable laws and regulations (including but\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not limited to any applicable privacy and intellectual property laws).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 8. Our Ethics, Compliance and Corporate\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Responsibility\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Ethics and Corporate Responsibility. Splunk is committed to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acting ethically and in compliance with applicable law, and we have\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     policies and guidelines in place designed to provide awareness of,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and compliance with, the laws and regulations that apply to our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     business globally. We are committed to ethical business conduct,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and we strive to perform in accordance with the highest global\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ethical principles, as described in the Splunk Code of Conduct and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Ethics found here: https://investors.splunk.com/code-business-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     conduct-and-ethics-1.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Anti-Corruption. We use diligent efforts to implement and maintain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     programs to ensure compliance with applicable anti-corruption and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     anti-bribery laws. Splunk policy prohibits the offering or soliciting of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any illegal or improper bribe, kickback, payment, gift, or thing of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     value to or from any of your employees or agents in connection with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms. If we learn of any violation of the above, we\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will use reasonable efforts to promptly notify you at the main\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     contact address provided by you to Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Export. We certify that Splunk is not on any of the relevant U.S.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     government lists of prohibited persons, including the Treasury\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Department's List of Specially Designated Nationals and the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Commerce Department's List of Denied Persons or Entity List.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Export information regarding our Offerings, including our export\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     control classifications for our Offerings, is found here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     https://www.splunk.com/en_us/legal/export-controls.html.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 9. Data Protection\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk follows globally recognized data protection principles and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 industry-leading standards for the security of personal data.  Splunk is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 self-certified with the U.S. Department of Commerce for the EU-U.S.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks. Splunk's data protection\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 practices are set forth in Splunk Protects and include (as applicable)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 standard terms for the processing of Personal Data as defined under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 GDPR and Personal Information as defined under the CCPA.  Please\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 refer to the applicable Specific Hosted Services Terms that may apply to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 your Purchased Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 10. Security\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) General Security. Splunk's information security management\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     system ("ISMS") is calibrated to protect the confidentiality, integrity\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and availability of customer data. Splunk employees receive\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     regular training on Splunk's security policies and procedures,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     including annual training on secure data handling practices, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     supplemental, targeted trainings as appropriate. Employees are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     background checked and Splunk vendors are risk assessed prior\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to onboarding to determine if their data protection and security\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     practices meet Splunk's standards.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Offering Security. Hosted Services meet industry leading cloud\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security standards appropriate to the nature of service provided,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     e.g., Splunk Cloud HIPAA Offering certified to HIPAA security\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     requirements.  We have commercially reasonable physical,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     technical and procedural measures in place to protect Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Content against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     disclosure to third parties or unauthorized access by employees or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     contractors employed by Splunk. Any specific and additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security controls for a Hosted Service are set forth in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Documentation and Specific Hosted Services Terms\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     www.splunk.com/SpecificTerms.  Third-party certificates of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance issued as part of Splunk's audited third-party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance program are located on Splunk Protects.  In addition,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for On-Premise Products, which are not provided as a service and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     therefore are not audited for compliance, Splunk follows industry\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     standard security controls for the processing of customer data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     accessed or received through activities such as maintenance,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     implementation or configuration services.  Those industry standard\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security controls are set forth in Splunk's Information Security\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Addendum ("ISA") located at www.splunk.com/on-pre-isa.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Product Development Security. Splunk deploys secure software\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     development practices and uses a risk-based approach when\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applying its standard software development lifecycle (SDLC)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     methodology, which may include such things as performing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security architecture reviews, open source security scans, virus\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     detection, dynamic application security testing, network\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     vulnerability scans and external penetration testing in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     development environment.  Product-specific information about the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     SDLC in our Offerings is detailed more fully in the ISA.  Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Product Security Portal contains detailed information about\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk's program for managing and communicating product\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     vulnerabilities.  Splunk categorizes product vulnerabilities in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     accordance with the Common Vulnerability Scoring System\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ("Medium," "High," or "Critical") and uses commercially reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     efforts to remediate vulnerabilities depending on their severity\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     level in accordance with industry standards.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 11. Usage Data\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 From time to time, Splunk may collect Usage Data generated as a by-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 product of your use of Offerings (e.g., technical information about your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 operating environment and sessions, systems architecture, page loads\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and views, product versions, number and type of searches, number of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 users, source type and format). Usage data does not include Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Content. We collect Usage Data for a variety of reasons, such as to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identify, understand, and anticipate performance issues and the factors\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that affect them, to provide updates and personalized experiences to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customers, and to improve the Splunk Offerings.  Details on Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Usage Data collection practices are set forth in Splunk's Privacy Policy.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 12. Capacity and Usage Verification\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Certification. At Splunk's request, you will furnish Splunk a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     certification signed by your authorized representative verifying that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your use of the Purchased Offering is in accordance with these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     General Terms and the applicable Order. Also, if your Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering requires usage reporting (as specified and agreed in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Order), you agree to provide this reporting pursuant to those\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     requirements.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Specific Product Verification. For On-Premise Products, we may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ask you from time to time, but not more frequently than once per\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     calendar period, to cooperate with us to verify usage and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     adherence to purchased Capacities. If Splunk requests a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     verification process, you agree to provide Splunk reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     access to the On-Premise Product installed at your facility (or as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hosted by your Third Party Provider). If Splunk does any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     verification, it will be performed with as little interference as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     possible to your use of the On-Premise Product and your business\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     operations. Splunk will comply with your (or your Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Providers') reasonable security procedures.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Overages. If a verification or usage report reveals that you have\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     exceeded the purchased Capacity or the scope of your license\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     grant for your Purchased Offering (e.g. used as a service bureau)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     during the period reviewed, then we will have the right to invoice\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you using the applicable Fees at list price then in effect, which will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     be payable in accordance with these General Terms.  Without\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     limiting Splunk's foregoing rights, with respect to Hosted Services,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk may work with you to reduce usage so that it conforms to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the applicable usage limit, and we will in good faith discuss\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     options to right size your subscription as appropriate. For the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything to the contrary\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     herein, Splunk will have the right to directly invoice you for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     overages, regardless of whether you purchased the Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering from an authorized reseller. See the Specific Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services Terms for any additional information related to overages\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for a Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 13. Our Use of Open Source\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Certain Offerings may contain Open Source Software. Splunk makes\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 available in the applicable Documentation a list of Open Source\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Software incorporated in our On-Premise Products as required by the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 respective Open Source Software licenses.  Any Open Source Software\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that is delivered as part of your Offering and which may not be removed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 or used separately from the Offering is covered by the warranty, support\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and indemnification provisions applicable to the Offering.  Some of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Open Source Software may have additional terms that apply to the use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of the Offering (e.g., the obligation for us to provide attribution of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 specific licensor), and those terms will be included in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Documentation; however, these terms will not (a) impose any additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 restrictions on your use of the Offering, or (b) negate or amend any of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our responsibilities with respect to the Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 14. Splunk Developer Tools and Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk makes Splunk Developer Tools available to you so you can\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 develop Extensions for use with your Purchased Offerings (Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that you develop, "Customer Extensions").\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You have a nonexclusive, worldwide, nontransferable, nonsublicensable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 right, subject to the terms of these General Terms, to use Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Developer Tools to (a) copy and modify Splunk Developer Tools to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 develop your Customer Extensions, including to support interoperability\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 between the Offering and your system or environment, and (b) distribute\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 your Customer Extensions exclusively for use with the designated\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering.  Your rights are subject to the following conditions: (x) Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 proprietary legends or notices contained in the Splunk Developer Tools\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 may not be removed or altered when used in or with your Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extension; and (y) you may not make any statement that your Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extension is certified or that its performance is guaranteed by Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You retain title to your Customer Extensions, subject to Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ownership in our Offerings and any materials and technology provided\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by Splunk in connection with the Splunk Developer Tools.  If you allow\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 end users of Customer Extensions to modify or distribute the Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions, you will limit such modification or distribution to use with the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 designated Offering only, and will flow down the conditions in (x) and (y)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 above to end users of Customer Extensions.  You agree to assume full\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 responsibility for the performance and distribution of Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 15. Third Party Extensions, Third Party Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and Unsupported Splunk Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Third Party Extensions. Splunk makes no promises or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     guarantees related to Extensions on Splunkbase developed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and/or made available by a third party ("Third-Party Extension").\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk makes Third Party Extensions available for download on\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunkbase as a convenience to its customers. Splunk neither\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     controls nor endorses, nor is Splunk responsible for, any Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Extension, including the accuracy, integrity, quality, legality,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     usefulness or security of the Third Party Extension. Nothing in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms or on Splunkbase will be deemed to be a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     representation or warranty by Splunk with respect to any Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Extension, even if a particular Third Party Extension is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     identified as "certified" or "validated" for use with an Offering. We\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     may, in our reasonable discretion, block or disable access to any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Third Party Extension at any time. Your use of a Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extension is at your own risk and may be subject to any additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terms, conditions and policies applicable to that Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extension (such as license terms, terms of service, or privacy\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     policies of the providers of such Third Party Extension).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Third Party Content. Hosted Services may contain features or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     functions that enable interoperation with Third Party Content that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you, in your sole discretion, choose to add to a Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     You may be required to obtain access separately to such Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Content from the respective providers, and you may be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     required to grant Splunk access to your accounts with such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     providers to the extent necessary for Splunk to allow the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     interoperation with the Hosted Service. By requesting or allowing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk to enable access to such Third Party Content in connection\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     with the Hosted Services, you certify that you are authorized under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the provider's terms to allow such access.   If you install or enable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (or direct or otherwise authorize Splunk to install or enable) Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Content for use with a Hosted Service where the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     interoperation includes access by the third party provider to your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Content, you hereby authorize Splunk to allow the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provider of such Third Party Content to access Customer Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     as necessary for the interoperation. You agree that Splunk is not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible or liable for disclosure, modification or deletion of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Content resulting from access to Customer Content by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     such Third Party Content, nor is Splunk liable for any damages or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     downtime that you may incur or any impact on your experience of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the Hosted Service, directly or indirectly, as a result of your use of,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and/or reliance upon, any Third Party Content, sites or resources.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Unsupported Splunk Extensions. The Service Level Schedule\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     commitments for any applicable Hosted Services will not apply to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk Extensions labeled on Splunkbase as "Not Supported."\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     You agree that Splunk is not responsible for any impact on your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     experience of a Hosted Service as a result of your installation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and/or use of any "Not Supported" Splunk Extensions, and that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your sole remedy will be to remove the "Not Supported" Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extension from the applicable Hosted Service. Further, some\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk Extensions may not be compatible or certified for use with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that Hosted Service (e.g., only specific Splunk Extensions are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     validated for our FedRAMP authorized environment for Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Cloud). Please refer to the applicable Documentation for more\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information related to the Splunk Extensions compatible with your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     specific Purchased Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 16. Your Compliance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Lawful Use of Offerings. When you access and use an Offering,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you are responsible for complying with all laws, rules, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     regulations applicable to your access and use. This includes being\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible for your Customer Content and users, for your users'\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance with these General Terms, and the accuracy, lawful use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of, and the means by which you acquired your Customer Content.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Registration. You agree to provide accurate and complete\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information when you register for and use any Offering and agree\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to keep this information current. Each person who uses any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering must have a separate username and password. For\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Services, you must provide a valid email address for each\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     person authorized to use your Hosted Services, and you may only\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have one person per username and password. Splunk may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonably require additional information in connection with certain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offerings (e.g., technical information necessary for your connection\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to a Hosted Service), and you will provide this information as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonably requested by Splunk. You are responsible for securing,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     protecting and maintaining the confidentiality of your account\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     usernames, passwords and access tokens.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Export Compliance. You will comply with all applicable export\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     laws and regulations of the United States and any other country\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ("Export Laws") where your users use any of the Offerings. You\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     certify that you are not on any of the relevant U.S. government lists\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of prohibited persons, including the Treasury Department's List of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Specially Designated Nationals and the Commerce Department's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     List of Denied Persons or Entity List. You will not export, re-export,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ship, transfer or otherwise use the Offerings in any country subject\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to an embargo or other sanction by the United States, including,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     without limitation, Iran, Syria, Cuba, the Crimea Region of Ukraine,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Sudan and North Korea, and you will not use any Offering for any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     purpose prohibited by the Export Laws.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) GovCloud Services. If you access or use any Hosted Services in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the specially isolated Amazon Web Services ("AWS") GovCloud\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (US) region (including without limitation any Hosted Services that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     are provisioned in a FedRAMP authorized environment), you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     represent and warrant that users will only access the Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region if users: (i) are "US\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Person(s)" as defined under ITAR (see 22 CFR part 120.15); (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have and will maintain a valid Directorate of Defense Trade\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Controls registration, if required by ITAR; (iii) are not subject to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     export control restrictions under US export control laws and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     regulations (i.e.,  users are not  denied or debarred parties or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     otherwise subject to sanctions); and (iv) maintain an effective\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance program to ensure compliance with applicable US\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     export control laws and regulations, including ITAR, as applicable.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     You are responsible for verifying that any user accessing Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Content in the Hosted Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     is eligible to access to such Customer Content.  The Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region may not be used to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     process or store classified data.   You will be responsible for all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     sanitization costs incurred by Splunk if users introduce classified\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     data into the Hosted Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Acceptable Use. Without limiting any terms under these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms, you will also abide by our Hosted Services acceptable use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     policy: https://www.splunk.com/view/SP-CAAAMB6.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 17. Confidentiality\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Confidential Information. Each party will protect the Confidential\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Information of the other. Accordingly, Receiving Party agrees to: (i)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     protect the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information using the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     same degree of care (but in no event less than reasonable care)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of a similar\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     nature; (ii) limit use of Disclosing Party's Confidential Information\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for purposes consistent with these General Terms, and (iii) use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     commercially reasonable efforts to limit access to Disclosing Party's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Confidential Information to its employees, contractors and agents or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     those of its Affiliates who have a bona fide need to access such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Confidential Information for purposes consistent with these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms and who are subject to confidentiality obligations no less\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     stringent than those herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Compelled Disclosure of Confidential Information.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Notwithstanding the foregoing terms, the Receiving Party may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party if it is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compelled by law enforcement agencies or regulators to do so,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provided the Receiving Party gives the Disclosing Party prior notice\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of such compelled disclosure (to the extent legally permitted) and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonable assistance, at the Disclosing Party's cost, if the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Disclosing Party wishes to contest the disclosure. If the Receiving\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party is compelled to disclose the Disclosing Party's Confidential\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Information as part of a civil proceeding to which the Disclosing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party is a Party, and the Disclosing Party is not contesting the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     disclosure, the Disclosing Party will reimburse the Receiving Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for its reasonable cost of compiling and providing secure access to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     such Confidential Information.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 18. Payment\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The payment terms below only apply when you purchase Offerings\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 directly from Splunk. When you purchase from an authorized reseller,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the payment terms are between you and the authorized reseller.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Fees. You agree to pay all Fees specified in the Orders. Fees are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     non-cancelable and non-refundable, except as otherwise expressly\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     set forth in these General Terms. Without limiting any of our other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     rights or remedies herein, overdue charges may accrue interest\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     monthly at the rate of 1.5% of the then-outstanding unpaid balance,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is lower. Fees are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     due and payable either within 30 days from the date of Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     invoice or as otherwise stated in the Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Credit Cards. If you pay by credit or debit card, you: (i) will provide\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk or its designated third-party payment processor with valid\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     credit or debit card information; and (i) hereby authorize Splunk or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     its designated third-party payment processor to charge such credit\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or debit card for all items listed in the applicable Order. Such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     charges must be paid in advance or in accordance with any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     different billing frequency stated in the applicable Order. You are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information and notifying Splunk in a timely manner of any changes\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to such information.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Taxes. All Fees quoted are exclusive of applicable taxes and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     duties, including any applicable sales and use tax. You are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible for paying any taxes or similar government\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assessments (including, without limitation, value-added, sales, use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or withholding taxes).  We will be solely responsible for taxes\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assessable against us based on our net income, property and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     employees\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 19. Splunk's Warranties\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Relationship to Applicable Law. We will not seek to limit our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     liability, or any of your warranties, rights and remedies, to the extent\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the limits are not permitted by applicable law (e.g., warranties,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     remedies or liabilities that cannot be excluded by applicable law).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) General Corporate Warranty. Splunk warrants that it has the legal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     power and authority to enter into these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Hosted Services Warranty.  Splunk warrants that during the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Term: (i) Splunk will not materially decrease the overall\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     functionality of the Hosted Services; and (ii) the Hosted Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will perform materially in accordance with the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Documentation.  Our sole and exclusive liability, and your sole and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     exclusive remedy for any breach of these warranties, will be your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     right to terminate the applicable Hosted Services Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering, and we will refund to you any prepaid but unused Fees for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the remainder of the Term.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) On-Premise Product Warranty. Splunk warrants that for a period\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of ninety (90) days from the Delivery of an On-Premise Product, the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     On-Premise Product will substantially perform the material\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     functions described in the applicable Documentation for such On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Premise Product, when used in accordance with the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Documentation. Splunk's sole liability, and your sole remedy, for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any failure of the On-Premise Product to conform to the foregoing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranty, is for Splunk to do one of the following (at Splunk's sole\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     option and discretion) (i) modify, or provide an Enhancement for,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the On-Premise Product so that it conforms to the foregoing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranty, (ii) replace your copy of the On-Premise Product with a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     copy that conforms to the foregoing warranty, or (iii) terminate the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering with respect to the non-conforming On-Premise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Product and refund the Fees paid by you for such non-conforming\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     On-Premise Product.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Disclaimer of Implied Warranties.  Except as expressly set\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     forth above, the Offerings are provided "as is" with no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranties or representations whatsoever, express or implied.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk and its suppliers and licensors disclaim all warranties\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and representations, including any implied warranties of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     purpose, noninfringement, or quiet enjoyment, and any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranties arising out of course of dealing or trade usage.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk does not warrant that use of Offerings will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     uninterrupted, error free or secure, or that all defects will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     corrected.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 20. Ownership\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Offerings. As between you and Splunk, Splunk owns and reserves\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     all right, title, and interest in and to the Offerings, developer tools\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and other Splunk materials, including all intellectual property rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     therein. We retain rights in anything delivered or developed by us or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     on our behalf under these General Terms. No rights are granted to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you other than as expressly set forth in these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Customer Content. You own and reserve all right, title and interest\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in your Customer Content. By sending Customer Content to a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Service, you grant us a worldwide, royalty free, non-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     exclusive license to access and use the Customer Content for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     purposes of providing you the Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Feedback. You have no obligation to provide us with ideas for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     improvement, suggestions or other feedback (collectively,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     "Feedback") in connection with an Offering, unless otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     expressly set forth in the applicable Order. If, however, you provide\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any Feedback, you hereby grant to Splunk a non-exclusive,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     transferable, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license (with rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to sublicense) to make, use, sell, offer to sell, reproduce, modify,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     distribute, make available, publicly display and perform, disclose\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and otherwise commercially exploit the Feedback.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 21. Term and Termination\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Term and Renewal. These General Terms will commence upon\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the Effective Date and will remain in effect until the expiration of all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Purchased Offerings, unless earlier terminated pursuant\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to this Section. Termination of a specific Purchased Offering will not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     affect the Term of any other Purchased Offering. Termination of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms will have the effect of terminating all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offerings. Grounds for terminating a Purchased Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (e.g., for non-payment), that are specific to the Purchased Offering,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will not be grounds to terminate Purchased Offerings where no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     breach exists. Unless indicated otherwise in an Order, the Term of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a Purchased Offering (and these General Terms) will automatically\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     renew for an additional period of time equal to the length of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     preceding Term, unless one party notifies the other of its intent not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to renew at least one (1) day in advance of the expiration of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Term or then-current renewal period.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Termination. Either party may terminate these General Terms, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any Purchased Offering, by written notice to the other party in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     event of a material breach of these General Terms, or the specific\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terms associated with that Purchased Offering, that is not cured\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     within thirty (30) days of receipt of the notice. Upon any expiration\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or termination of a Purchased Offering, the rights and licenses\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     granted to you for that Purchased Offering will automatically\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terminate, and you agree to immediately (i) cease using and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     accessing the Offering, (ii) return or destroy all copies of any On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Premise Products and other Splunk materials and Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Confidential Information in your possession or control, and, (iii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     upon our request, certify in writing the completion of such return or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     destruction. Upon termination of these General Terms or any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering, Splunk will have no obligation to refund any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Fees or other amounts received from you during the Term.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Notwithstanding any early termination above, except for your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     termination of our uncured material breach, you will still be required\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to pay all Fees payable under an Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Survival. The termination or expiration of these General Terms will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     not affect any provisions herein which by their nature survive\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     termination or expiration, including the provisions that deal with the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     following subject matters: definitions, ownership of intellectual\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     property, confidentiality, payment obligations, effect of termination,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     limitation of liability, privacy, and the "Miscellaneous" section in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Suspension of Service.   In the event of a material breach or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     threatened material breach of this Agreement, Splunk may, without\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     limiting its other rights and remedies, suspend your use of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Service until such breach is cured or Splunk reasonably\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     believes there is no longer a threat, provided that we will give you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     at least five (5) days' prior notice before suspension. Suspension of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a Hosted Services will have no impact on the duration of the Term\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of the Purchased Offering or the associated Fees owed.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 22. Limitation of Liability\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 In no event will the aggregate liability of either party, together with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any of its Affiliates, arising out of or related to any Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering exceed the total amount paid by you for that Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering in the twelve (12) months preceding the first incident out\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of which the liability arose.  For the avoidance of doubt, the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 foregoing limitation will not limit your obligations under the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Payment" section above, and will not be deemed to limit your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights to any service level credits under any applicable Service\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Level Schedule. Furthermore, the cap above will not be deemed to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 limit Splunk's right to recover amounts for your use of an Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in excess of the Capacity purchased or use outside of Internal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Business Purposes.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 In no event will either party or its Affiliates have any liability arising\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 out of or related to these General Terms for any lost profits,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 revenues, goodwill, or indirect, special, incidental, consequential,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 cover, business interruption or punitive damages.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The foregoing limitations will apply whether the action is in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 contract or tort and regardless of the theory of liability, even if a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 party or its Affiliates have been advised of the possibility of such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 damages or if a party's or its Affiliates' remedy otherwise fails of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 its essential purpose.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The limitation of liability herein will not apply to a party's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 infringement of the other party's intellectual property rights,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 indemnification obligations, or the fraud, gross negligence or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 willful misconduct of a party.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The foregoing disclaimers of damages will also not apply to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 extent prohibited by law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 exclusion or limitation of certain damages. To the extent such a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 law applies to you, some or all of the exclusions or limitations set\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 forth above may not apply to you, and you may have additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 23. Indemnity\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Our Indemnification to You. Splunk will defend and indemnify\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you, and pay all damages (including attorneys' fees and costs)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     awarded against you, or that are agreed to in a settlement, to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     extent a claim, demand, suit or proceeding is made or brought\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     against you or your Affiliates by a third party (including those\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     brought by the government) alleging that a Purchased Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     infringes or misappropriates such third party's patent, copyright,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     trademark or trade secret (a "Customer Claim"). Splunk will have\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     no obligation under the foregoing provision to the extent a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Claim arises from your breach of these General Terms,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your Customer Content, Third Party Extension, or the combination\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of the Offering with: (i) Customer Content; (ii) Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extensions; (iii) any software other than software provided by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk; or (iv) any hardware or equipment. However, Splunk will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     indemnify against combination claims to the extent (y) the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     combined software is necessary for the normal operation of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering (e.g., an operating system), or (z) the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering provides substantially all the essential elements\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of the asserted infringement or misappropriation claim. Splunk may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in its sole discretion and at no cost to you: (1) modify any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering so that it no longer infringes or misappropriates\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a third party right, (2) obtain a license for your continued use of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering, in accordance with these General Terms, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (3) terminate the Purchased Offering and refund to you any prepaid\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     fees covering the unexpired Term.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Your Indemnification to Us. Unless expressly prohibited by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable law, you will defend and indemnify us, and pay all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     damages (including attorneys' fees and costs) awarded against\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk, or that are agreed to in a settlement, to the extent a claim,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     demand, suit or proceeding is made or brought against Splunk or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     its Affiliates by a third party (including those brought by a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     government entity) that: (i) alleges that your Customer Content or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Extensions infringes or misappropriates such third party's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     patent, copyright, trademark or trade secret, or violates another\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     right of a third party; or (ii) alleges that your Customer Content or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your use of any Offering violates applicable law or regulation.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Mutual Indemnity. Each party will defend (or settle), indemnify and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hold harmless at its expense, any action brought against the other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     party by a third party to the extent that it is based upon a claim for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     bodily injury, personal injury (including death) to any person, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     damage to tangible property resulting from the negligent acts or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     willful misconduct of the indemnifying party or its personnel\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hereunder, and will pay any reasonable, direct, out-of-pocket costs,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     damages and reasonable attorneys' fees attributable to such claim\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that are awarded against the indemnified party (or are payable in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     settlement by the indemnified party).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Process for Indemnification. The indemnification obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     above are subject to the party seeking indemnification to: (i) provide\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the other party with prompt written notice of the specific claim; (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     give the indemnifying party sole control of the defense and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     settlement of the claim (except that the indemnifying party may not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     settle any claim that requires any action or forbearance on the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     indemnified party's part without their prior consent, which will not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     unreasonably withhold or delay); and (iii) gives the indemnifying\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     party all reasonable assistance, at such party's expense.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 24. Updates to Offerings\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Offerings and policies may be updated over the course of our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 relationship. From time to time, Splunk may update or modify an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering and our policies, provided that: (a) the change and modification\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applies to all customers generally, and are not targeted to any particular\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customer; (b) no such change or modification will impose additional fees\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 on you during the applicable Term or additional restrictions on your use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of the Offering, or alter our liability or the allocation of risk between us\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 under these General Terms; (c) no such change or modification will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 materially reduce the security protections or overall functionality of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Offering; and (d) any such change or modification will apply\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 only prospectively, and will not apply to any breach or dispute that arose\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 between the parties prior to the effective date of the change or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 modification.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 25. Governing Law\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 These General Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with the laws of the State of California, as if performed wholly within the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 state and without giving effect to the principles of conflict of law. Any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 legal action or proceeding arising under these General Terms will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 brought exclusively in the federal or state courts located in the Northern\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 District of California and the parties hereby consent to personal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 jurisdiction and venue therein. Splunk may seek injunctive or other relief\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in any state, federal, or national court of competent jurisdiction for any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 actual or alleged infringement of intellectual property or other proprietary\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights of Splunk, its Affiliates, or any third party.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Neither the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act nor the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods will apply\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 26. Use of Customer Name\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You agree that we may add your name to our customer list and identify\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you as a Splunk customer on Splunk's websites. Any further public use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of your name in connection with Splunk marketing activities (e.g., press\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 releases) will require your prior approval.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 27. Miscellaneous\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Different Terms. Splunk expressly rejects terms or conditions in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any Customer purchase order or other similar document that are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     different from or additional to the terms and conditions set forth in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms. Such different or additional terms and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     conditions will not become a part of the agreement between the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     parties notwithstanding any subsequent acknowledgement, invoice\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or license key that Splunk may issue.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) No Future Functionality. You agree that your purchase of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering is not contingent on the delivery of any future functionality\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or features, or dependent on any oral or written statements made\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     by Splunk regarding future functionality or features.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Notices. Except as otherwise specified in these General Terms, all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     notices related to these General Terms will be sent in writing to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     addresses set forth in the applicable Order, or to such other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     address as may be specified by either party to the other party, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will be effective upon (i) personal delivery, (ii) the second business\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     day after mailing, or (c), except for notices of termination or an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     indemnifiable claim ("Legal Notices"), which shall clearly be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     identifiable as Legal Notices, the day of sending by email. Billing-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     related notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant billing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     contact designated by Customer. All other notices to Customer will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     be addressed to the relevant system administrator designated by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Assignment. Neither party may assign, delegate or transfer these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     General Terms, in whole or in part, by agreement, operation of law\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or otherwise without the prior written consent of the other party,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     however Splunk may assign these General Terms in whole or in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     part to an Affiliate or in connection with an internal reorganization or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assets to which these General Terms relates. Any attempt to assign\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms other than as permitted herein will be null and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     void. Subject to the foregoing, these General Terms will bind and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     inure to the benefit of the parties' permitted successors and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assigns.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) U.S. Government Use Terms. Splunk provides Offerings for U.S.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     federal government end use solely in accordance with the following:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Government technical data and rights related to Offerings include\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     only those rights customarily provided to the public as defined in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms. This customary commercial license is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provided in accordance with FAR 12.211 (Technical Data) and FAR\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     12.212 (Computer Software) and, for Department of Defense\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     transactions, DFARS 252.227-7015 (Technical Data-Commercial\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Items) and DFARS 227.7202-3 (Rights in Commercial Computer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Software or Commercial Computer Software Documentation). If a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     government agency has a need for rights not conveyed under these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terms, it must negotiate with Splunk to determine if there are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acceptable terms for transferring such rights, and a mutually\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acceptable written addendum specifically conveying such rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     must be included in any applicable contract or agreement.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (F) Waiver; Severability. The waiver by either party of a breach of or a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     default under these General Terms will not be effective unless in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     writing. The failure by either party to enforce any provisions of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms will not constitute a waiver of any other right\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hereunder or of any subsequent enforcement of that or any other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provisions. If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms invalid or unenforceable, the remaining\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provisions of these General Terms will remain in full force and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     effect, and the provision affected will be construed so as to be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     enforceable to the maximum extent permissible by law.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (G) Integration; Entire Agreement. These General Terms along with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any additional terms incorporated herein by reference, constitute\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the complete and exclusive understanding and agreement between\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the parties and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     agreements, communications and understandings, written or oral,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     relating to their subject matter. Except as otherwise expressly set\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     forth herein, any waiver, modification or amendment of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provision of these General Terms will be effective only if in writing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and signed by duly authorized representatives of both parties.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (H) Force Majeure. Neither party or its Affiliates, subsidiaries, officers,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     directors, employees, agents, partners and licensors will (except for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the obligation to make any payments) be liable for any delay or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     failure to perform any obligation under these General Terms where\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the delay or failure results from any cause beyond their reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     control, including, without limitation, acts of God, labor disputes or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     other industrial disturbances, electrical, telecommunications, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     other utility failures, earthquake, storms or other elements of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     nature, blockades, embargoes, riots, acts or orders of government,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acts of terrorism, or war.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (I) Independent Contractors; No Third Party Beneficiaries. The\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     parties are independent contractors. These General Terms does\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     not create a partnership, franchise, joint venture, agency, fiduciary\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or employment relationship between the parties. There are no third-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     party beneficiaries of these General Terms. Neither party has the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     authority to bind or act on behalf of the other party in any capacity\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or circumstance whether by contract or otherwise.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 General Terms Definitions Exhibit\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Affiliates" means a corporation, partnership or other entity controlling,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 controlled by or under common control with such party, but only so long\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 as such control continues to exist. For purposes of this definition,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "control" means ownership, directly or indirectly, of greater than fifty\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 percent (50%) of the voting rights in such entity (or, in the case of a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 noncorporate entity, equivalent rights).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Capacity" means the measurement of usage of an Offering (e.g.,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 aggregate daily volume of data indexed, specific source type rights,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 number of search and compute units, number of monitored accounts,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 virtual CPUs, user seats, use cases, storage capacity, etc.) that is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchased for an Offering, as set forth in the applicable Order. The\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capacities for each of our Offerings can be found here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 https://www.splunk.com/en_us/legal/licensed-capacity.html.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "CCPA" means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Confidential Information" means all nonpublic information disclosed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by a party ("Disclosing Party") to the other party ("Receiving Party"),\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 whether orally or in writing, that is designated as "confidential" or that,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 given the nature of the information or circumstances surrounding its\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 disclosure, should reasonably be understood to be confidential.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Notwithstanding the foregoing, "Confidential Information" does not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 include any information that: (i) is or becomes generally known to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 public without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 was known to the Receiving Party prior to its disclosure by the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Disclosing Party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Party, (iii) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 owed to the Disclosing Party, or (iv) was independently developed by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Receiving Party.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Content Subscription" means the right of Customer to receive content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable to an Offering (e.g., models, templates, searches, playbooks,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rules and configurations, as described in the relevant Documentation)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 on a periodic basis over the applicable Term.  Content Subscriptions are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchased as an add-on service and are identified in an Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Customer Content" means any data that is ingested by or on behalf of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you into an Offering from your internal data sources.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Delivery" means the date of Splunk's initial delivery of the license key\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 for the applicable Offering or, for Hosted Services, the date Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 makes the applicable Offering available to you for access and use.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Documentation" means the online user guides, documentation and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 help and training materials published on Splunk's website (such as at\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation) or accessible through the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Offering, as may be updated by Splunk from time to time.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Enhancements" means any updates, upgrades, releases, fixes,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 enhancements or modifications to a Purchased Offering made generally\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 commercially available by Splunk to its customers under the terms and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conditions in the Support Exhibit.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Extension" means any separately downloadable or accessible suite,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 configuration file, add-on, technical add-on, example module, command,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 function, playbook, content or application that extends the features or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 functionality of the applicable Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Fees" means the fees that are applicable to an Offering, as identified in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "GDPR" means the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data) as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 updated, amended or replaced from time to time.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "HIPAA" means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of 1996, as amended and supplemented by the Health Information\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Hosted Service" means a technology service hosted by or on behalf of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk and provided to you.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Internal Business Purpose" means your use of an Offering for your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 own internal business operations, based on the analysis, monitoring or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 processing of your data from your systems, net-works and devices.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Such use does not include use on a service bureau basis or otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to provide services to, or process data for, any third party, or otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use to monitor or service the systems, networks and devices of third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 parties.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "ITAR Data" means information protected by the International Traffic in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Arms Regulations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Offerings" means the products, services and other offerings that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk makes generally available, including without limitation On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Premise Products, Hosted Services, Support Programs, Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Subscriptions and Configuration and Implementation Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "On-Premise Product" means the Splunk software that is delivered to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you and deployed and operated by you or on your behalf on hardware\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 designated by you, and any Enhancements made available to you by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Open Source Software" means software that is licensed under a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 license approved by the Open Source Initiative or similar freeware\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 license, with terms requiring that such software code be (i) disclosed or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 distributed in source code or object code form, (ii) licensed for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purpose of making derivative works, and/or (iii) redistribute under the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 same license terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Orders" means Splunk's quote or ordering document (including online\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 order form) accepted by you via your purchase order or other ordering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 document submitted to Splunk (directly or indirectly through an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 authorized reseller) to order Offerings, which references the Offering,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capacity, pricing and other applicable terms set forth in an applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk quote or ordering document. Orders do not include the terms of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any preprinted terms on your purchase order or other terms on a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchase order that are additional or inconsistent with the terms of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "PC&I Data" means credit card information within the scope of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "PHI" means any protected health data, as defined under HIPAA.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Purchased Offerings" means the services, subscriptions and licenses\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to Offerings that are acquired by you under Orders, whether directly or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 through an authorized reseller.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Service Level Schedule" means a Splunk policy that applies to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 availability and uptime of a Hosted Service and which, if applicable,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 offers service credits as set forth therein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunkbase" means Splunk's online directory of or platform for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions, currently located at https://splunkbase.splunk.com and any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and all successors, replacements, new versions, derivatives, updates\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and upgrades and any other similar platform(s) owned and/or controlled\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunk Developer Tool" means the standard application programming\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 interface, configurations, software development kits, libraries, command\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 line interface tools, other tooling (including scaffolding and data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 generation tools), integrated development environment plug-ins or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 extensions, code examples, tutorials, reference guides and other related\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 materials identified and provided by Splunk to facilitate or enable the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 creation of Extensions or otherwise support interoperability between the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Software and your system or environment.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunk Extensions" means Extensions made available through\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunkbase that are identified on Splunkbase as built by Splunk (and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not by any third party).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Support Programs" are the Support Programs offered by Splunk and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified here: http://www.splunk.com/en_us/support-and-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 services/support-programs.html\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Term" means the duration of your subscription or license to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Offering that starts and ends on the date listed on the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Order. If no start date is specified in an Order, the start date\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will be the Delivery date of the Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Third Party Content" means information, data, technology or materials\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 made available to you by any third party that you license and add to a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Hosted Service or direct Splunk to install in connection with a Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Service. Third Party Content includes but is not limited to, Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions, web-based or offline software applications, data service or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 content that are provided by third parties.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Usage Data" means data generated from the usage, configuration,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 deployment, access and performance of an Offering. For example, this\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 may include such things as information about your operating\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 environment, such as your network and systems architecture, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 sessions, such as page loads and session views, duration, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 interactions, errors, number of searches, source types and format (e.g.,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 json, xml, csv), ingest volume, number of active and licensed users, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 search concurrency. Usage Data does not include Customer Content.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Exhibit to Splunk General Terms\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This Support Exhibit forms a part of the Splunk General Terms and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 governs your purchase, and Splunk's provision of Support Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 1. Support Programs\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Programs purchased as part of a Purchased Offering will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified in your applicable Order. Splunk will provide you the level of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Services described under the purchased Support Program,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subject to your payment of applicable Fees. "Support Programs" are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Support Programs offered by Splunk and identified here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 http://www.splunk.com/en_us/support-and-services/support-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 programs.html.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 2. Support Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Support Services" include technical support for your Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offerings, and, when available, the provision of Enhancements for your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Purchased Offerings, subject to the Support Policy described below.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Technical support under a Support Program is available via email or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 web portal, and certain Support Programs also make support available\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 via telephone. Support Services will be delivered by a member of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk's technical support team during the regional hours of operation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable under the Support Program. Support Services are delivered\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in English unless you are in a location where we have made localized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Services available.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 3. Support Policy\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Support Policy, provided here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 https://www.splunk.com/en_us/legal/splunk-software-support-policy.html\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ("Support Policy") describes the duration of our Support Services for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 certain Splunk On-Premise Products and other policies associated with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our Support Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 As we release new versions for our Offerings, we discontinue Support\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services for certain older versions.  Our Support Policy sets forth the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 schedule for the duration of support, and end of support, for Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 versions.  The current versions of our Offerings that are supported\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 under our Support Policy, and will be our "Supported Versions" herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 For the avoidance of doubt, the Support Policy may not apply to Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services, and the product and services version we make available as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our Hosted Services will be deemed Supported Versions herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 4. Case Priority\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Each Support Program offers different support levels for your case\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 priority levels. When submitting a case, you will select the priority for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 initial response by logging the case online, in accordance with the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 priority guidelines set forth under your Support Program. When the case\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 is received, we may in good faith change the priority if the issue does\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not conform to the criteria for the selected priority. When that happens,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 we will provide you with notice (electronic or otherwise) of such change.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 5. Exclusions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We will have no obligation to provide support for issues caused by any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of the following (each, a "Customer Generated Error"): (i)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 modifications to an Offering not made by Splunk; (ii) use of an Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 other than as authorized in the Agreement or as provided in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Documentation; (iii) damage to the machine on which an On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Premise Product is installed; (iv) use of a version of an Offering other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 than the Supported Version; (vi) third-party products that are not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 expressly noted in the Documentation as supported by Splunk; or (vi)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conflicts related to replacing or installing hardware, drivers, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 software that are not expressly supported by Splunk and described in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the applicable Documentation. If we determine that support requested\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by you is for an issue caused by a Customer Generated Error, we will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 notify you of that fact as soon as reasonably possible under the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 circumstances. If you agree that we should provide support for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Customer Generated Error via a confirming email, then we will have the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 right to invoice you at our then-current time and materials rates for any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 such support provided by us.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 6. Support for Splunk Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Only Splunk Extensions that are labeled as "Splunk Supported" on\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunkbase, or other Splunk-branded marketplace, are eligible for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 support, and this support is limited. For those labeled Splunk Supported,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 we will provide an initial response and acknowledgement in accordance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with the P3 terms that are applicable in the applicable Support Program.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Enhancements for Splunk Extensions labeled as Splunk Supported\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 when made available. No other terms of a Support Program will apply to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 a Splunk Application. For those labeled as "Not Supported," Splunk will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 have no support obligations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 7. Authorized Support Contacts\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You are entitled to have a certain number of Support Contacts under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 each Support Program. "Support Contacts" means the individual(s)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 specified by you that are authorized to submit support cases.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The number of Support Contacts will be based on the Capacity of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering purchased, and the applicable Support Program. The number\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of Support Contacts will be set forth in customer's entitlement\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 information on the Splunk support portal.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We only take support requests from, and communicate with, your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Contacts in connection with support cases. We strongly\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 recommend that your Support Contact(s) are trained on the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering. In order to designate Support Contacts, you must provide the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 individual's primary email address and Splunk.com login ID.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 8. Defect Resolution\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Should we determine that an Offering has a defect, we will, at our sole\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 option, repair the defect in the version of the Offering that you are then\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 currently using or instruct you to install a newer version of the Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with that defect repaired. We reserve the right to provide you with a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 workaround in lieu of fixing a defect should we in our sole judgment\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 determine that it is more effective to do so.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 9. Your Assistance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Should you report a purported defect or error in an Offering, we may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 require you to provide us with the following information: (a) a general\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 description of your operating environment; (b) a list of all hardware\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 components, operating systems and networks; (c) a reproducible test\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 case; and (d) any log files, trace and systems files. Your failure to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provide this information may prevent us from identifying and fixing that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purported defect.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 10. Changes to Support Programs\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You acknowledge that, subject to the Support Policy, and subject to any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 commitment we have under an Order with you, we have the right to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 discontinue the manufacture, development, sale or support of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering, at any time, in our sole discretion. We further reserve the right\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to alter Support Programs from time to time, using reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 discretion, but in no event will such alterations, during the Term of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Order, result in diminished Support Services from the level of your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable purchased Support Program.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Configuration and Implementation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Exhibit to Splunk General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This Configuration and Implementation Services Exhibit forms a part of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Splunk General Terms and governs your purchase, and Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provision of Configuration and Implementation Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capitalized terms below are defined in the General Terms, this\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Exhibit or in the Definition Exhibit attached to this Exhibit.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 1. Services and Statements of Work\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We will perform the C&I Services for you that are set forth in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Statements of Work.  You will pay the Fees under each\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Statement of Work in accordance with these General Terms, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 otherwise as we may expressly agree in the applicable Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 In each Statement of Work, we will designate our primary point of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 contact for you for all matters relating to the applicable C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (which we may change from time to time upon notice).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 2. Our Personnel\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Qualifications. The Personnel we assign to perform the C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will be qualified, skilled, experienced and otherwise fit for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 performance of the C&I Services. If you, in your reasonable judgement,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 determine that Personnel assigned to your project are unfit, we will in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 good faith discuss alternatives, and we will replace Personnel as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 reasonably necessary. You acknowledge that any replacement may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 cause delay in the performance of the C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Personnel Conduct. Our Personnel are subject to our Splunk Code of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Conduct and Ethics https://investors.splunk.com/code-business-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conduct-and-ethics-1, which includes, without limitation, an obligation to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 comply with our policies on protecting customer information, prohibitions\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 on illegal drugs and any impaired job performance, avoiding conflicts of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 interest, and acting ethically at all times. We also background check our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 employees, per the Section below.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Use of Subcontractors. We reserve the right to use subcontractors in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 performance of the C&I Services, provided: (a) any subcontractor we\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use meets the requirements herein and conditions of these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms and the Statement of Work; (b) we will be responsible for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subcontractor's compliance with the terms herein and the Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work; and (c) upon your request or inquiry, we will identify any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subcontractor that we are using, or plan to use, for C&I Services, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will cooperate in good faith to provide you with all relevant information\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 regarding such subcontractors.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 No Employee Benefits. We acknowledge and agree that our Personnel\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 are not eligible for or entitled to receive any compensation, benefits, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 other incidents of employment that you make available to your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 employees.  We are solely responsible for all employment related taxes,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 expenses, withholdings, and other similar statutory obligations arising\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 out of the relationship between us and our Personnel and the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 performance of C&I Services by such Personnel.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 3. Our Background Checks, Security and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Compliance Obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Compliance with Your Security Program. While on your premises,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our Personnel will comply with your security practices and procedures\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 generally prescribed by you for onsite visitors and service providers.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 However, any requirement that is in addition to the compliance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 requirements set forth in this Schedule (e.g., background checks that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 are different from the background checks described herein) must be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 expressly set forth in a Statement of Work. We agree to discuss in good\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 faith any condition or requirement you may have for our Personnel that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 are different from standard policies, however any additional requirement\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 may delay C&I Services, and must be vetted and implemented by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 mutual agreement of the parties and expressly set forth in a Statement\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of Work.  Splunk does not guarantee that it will be able to meet any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 additional requested requirements.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Security Practices. We implement and follow an enterprise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 security program, with the policies, plans, and procedures set forth here\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 www.splunk.com/prof-serv-isa. Our Personnel will be subject to the data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 protection and confidentiality obligations set forth in these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms with respect to any of your data that we may have access to in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 connection with the C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Background Checks. For U.S.-based projects, we will not assign an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 employee to perform C&I Services under a Statement of Work unless\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 we have run the following background check on the employee:  Criminal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Felony & Misdemeanor; SSN Validation; Federal Criminal; SSN Trace;\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Employment Report - Three (3) Employers; Education Report - One (1)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Institution; Global Sanctions & Enforcement; Prohibited Parties;\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Widescreen Plus National Criminal Search. You acknowledge that such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 background checks may not be permitted or customary outside the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 United States.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Permissions for Access. In the event you require any Personnel to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 sign any waivers, releases, or other documents as a condition to gain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 access to your premises for performance of the C&I Services ("Access\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Documents"),  you agree: (a) that Personnel who will be required to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 sign Access Documents will sign on behalf of Splunk; (b) that any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 additional or conflicting terms in Access Documents with these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms will have no effect; and (c) you will pursue any claims for breach\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of any terms in the Access Documents against Splunk and not the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 individual signing.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 4. Your Materials\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We will have no rights in or to any Customer Materials, however you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 grant us the right to use Customer Materials in order to provide the C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services. Nothing in these General Terms will deemed to transfer to us\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any ownership of Customer Materials.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 5. C&I Services Materials and Customizations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Unique to You\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services Materials.  The C&I Services we perform (e.g.,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 configuration of our Offerings), and the C&I Services Materials we offer,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 create, and deliver to you in connection with the C&I Services, are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 generally applicable to our business, and therefore we require the right\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to be able to re-use the C&I Services Materials we create for one\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customer in connection with all of our customers.  For the avoidance of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 doubt, our use of the C&I Services Materials created for you in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 connection with C&I Services will comply with our ongoing obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and restrictions with respect to your Customer Materials and your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Confidential Information, and we will not identify you in any way in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 connection with our further use of such C&I Services Materials.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Customer Owned Work Product.  However, in the unlikely event that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the parties agree that C&I Services Materials for a project are custom\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 work product unique to your business, and not applicable to other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customers generally, we will transfer ownership to those agreed C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Materials to you under the applicable Statement of Work. C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Materials must be expressly identified as "Customer Owned\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work Product" under a Statement of Work for ownership to pass to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you. Subject to payment of applicable Fees under the Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work, we hereby assign to you all rights, title and interest (including all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Intellectual Property Rights therein) in and to all C&I Services Materials\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified as Customer Owned Work Product (but excluding all Pre-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Existing Splunk IP incorporated into the Customer Owned Work\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Product).  At your request and expense, we will assist and cooperate\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with you in all reasonable respects and will execute documents, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 take such further acts reasonably requested by you to enable you to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 acquire, transfer, maintain, perfect and enforce your ownership rights in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 such Customer Owned Work Product.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Ownership.  Subject to your ownership rights in Customer Owned\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work Product and Customer Materials, we will own all rights in and to all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services Materials.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 License Rights. For those C&I Services Materials that are not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Customer Owned Work Product, you will have the right to access and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use those C&I Services Materials in connection with your applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offerings, and those rights will be of the same scope and duration as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 your rights to the underlying Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 6. C&I Services Warranty\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We warrant that the C&I Services will be performed in a good and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 workmanlike manner consistent with applicable industry standards.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This warranty will be in effect for a period of thirty (30) days from the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 completion of any C&I Services.  As your sole and exclusive remedy\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and our entire liability for any breach of the foregoing warranty, we will,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 at our option and expense, promptly re-perform any C&I Services that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 fail to meet this warranty or refund to you the fees paid for the non-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conforming C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 7. Your Cooperation\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You acknowledge that your timely provision of (and our access to) your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 facilities, equipment, assistance, cooperation, data, information and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 materials from your officers, agents and employees (the "Cooperation")\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 is essential to Splunk's performance of the C&I Services.  We will not be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 liable for any delay or deficiency in performing the C&I Services if you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 do not provide the necessary Cooperation.  As part of the Cooperation,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you will (1) designate a project manager or technical lead to liaise with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 us while we perform the C&I Services; (2)  allocate and engage\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 additional resources as may be required to assist us in performing the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services; and (3) making available to us any data, information and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any other materials reasonably required by us to perform the C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services, including any data, information or materials specifically\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified in the Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 8. Insurance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Throughout any period of C&I Services we perform for you, we will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 maintain insurance policies in the types and amounts described below\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 at our own expense:\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Commercial General Liability Insurance with a limit of not less than\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 $1,000,000 per occurrence and a general aggregate limit of not less\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 than $2,000,000.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Business Auto Insurance with a limit of not less than $1,000,000 per\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 accident.  Such Insurance will cover liability arising out of "hired and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 non-owned" automobiles.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Worker's Compensation Insurance as required by workers'\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 compensation, occupational disease and occupational health and safety\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 laws, statutes and regulations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Technology Errors & Omissions Insurance with a limit of not less than\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 $3,000,000.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Umbrella/Excess Insurance with a limit of not less than $3,000,000.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 9. Change Order Process\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You may submit written requests to us to change the scope of C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services described in a Statement of Work (each such request, a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Change Order Request").  If we elect to consider a Change Order\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Request, then we will promptly notify you if we believe that the Change\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Order Request requires an adjustment to the fees or to the schedule for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the performance of the C&I Services.  In such event, the parties will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 negotiate in good faith a reasonable and equitable adjustment to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 fees and/or schedule, as applicable.  We will continue to perform C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services pursuant to the existing Statement of Work and will have no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 obligation to perform any Change Order Request unless and until the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 parties have agreed in writing to such an equitable adjustment.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 10. Expenses\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Unless otherwise specified in the Statement of Work, we will not charge\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you for our expenses we incur in connection with a Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our daily C&I Services rates are inclusive of any expenses. In the event\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the parties agree that expenses are reimbursable under a Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work, we will mutually agree on any travel policy and any required\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 documentation for re-imbursement.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 11. Prepaid C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Unless otherwise expressly stated in a Statement of Work, all prepaid\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services must be redeemed within twelve (12) months from the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 date of purchase/invoice. At the end of the twelve (12) month term, any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 remaining pre-paid unused C&I Services will expire; no refunds will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provided for any remaining pre-paid unused C&I Services. Unless\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 otherwise specifically stated in a Statement of Work, Education is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 invoiced and payable in advance.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Configuration and Implementation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Definitions Exhibit\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "C&I Services" means the services outlined in the Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "C&I Services Materials" means the materials and other deliverables\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that are provided to you as part of the C&I Services, and any materials,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 technology, know-how and other innovations of any kind that we or our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Personnel may create or reduce to practice in the course of performing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the C&I Services, including without limitation all improvements or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 modifications to our proprietary technology, and all Intellectual Property\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Rights therein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Customer Materials" means the data, information, and materials you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provide to us in connection with your use of the C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Fees" means the fees that are applicable to the C&I Services, as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified in the Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Intellectual Property Rights" means all worldwide intellectual property\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights, including copyrights and other rights in works of authorship;\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights in trademarks, tradenames, and other designations of source or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 origin; rights in trade secrets and confidential information; and patents\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and patent applications.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Offerings" means the products, services and other offerings that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk makes generally available for purchase and use.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Orders" means Splunk's quote or ordering document (including online\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 order form) accepted by you via your purchase order or other ordering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 document submitted to Splunk (directly or indirectly through an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 authorized reseller) to order C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Personnel" means any employee, consultant, contractor, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subcontractor of Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunk Preexisting IP" means, with respect to any C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Materials, all associated Splunk Technology and all Intellectual Property\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Rights created or acquired: (a) prior to the date of the Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work that includes such C&I Services Materials, or (b) after the date of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 such Statement of Work but independently of the C&I Services provided\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 under such Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Statement of Work" means the statements of work and/or any all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Orders that describe the specific services to be performed by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk, including any materials and deliverables to be delivered by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 SPLUNK GENERAL TERMS (v1.2020)\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Do you agree with this license? [y/n]: y\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This appears to be an upgrade of Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------)\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk has detected an older version of Splunk installed on this machine. To\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 finish upgrading to the new version, Splunk's installer will automatically\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 update and alter your current configuration files. Deprecated configuration\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 files will be renamed with a .deprecated extension.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You can choose to preview the changes that will be made to your configuration\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 files before proceeding with the migration and upgrade:\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 If you want to migrate and upgrade without previewing the changes that will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 made to your existing configuration files, choose 'y'.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 If you want to see what changes will be made before you proceed with the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 upgrade, choose 'n'.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Perform migration and upgrade without previewing configuration changes? [y/n] n\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 -- Migration information is being logged to '/opt/splunkforwarder/var/log/splunk/migration.log.2021-06-14.15-49-22' --\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Migrating to:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 VERSION=8.2.0\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 BUILD=e053ef3c985f\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 PRODUCT=splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 PLATFORM=Linux-x86_64\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ********** BEGIN PREVIEW OF CONFIGURATION FILE MIGRATION **********\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 It seems that the Splunk default certificates are being used. If certificate validation is turned on using the default certificates (not-recommended), this may result in loss of communication in mixed-version Splunk environments after upgrade.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "/opt/splunkforwarder/etc/auth/ca.pem": already a renewed Splunk certificate: skipping renewal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "/opt/splunkforwarder/etc/auth/cacert.pem": already a renewed Splunk certificate: skipping renewal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 [App Key Value Store migration] Binary for service(34) is missing.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 [App Key Value Store migration] Binary for service(34) is missing.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 [DFS] Would perform migration.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ********** END PREVIEW OF CONFIGURATION FILE MIGRATION **********\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Stopping because you requested a preview of the configuration files to be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 migrated.  Migration and upgrade will not continue until the configuration files\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 have actually been migrated.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 To proceed, run 'splunk start' again and choose 'y'.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 First-time run failed!\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# sudo apt-get purge splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Lecture des listes de paquets... Fait\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Construction de l'arbre des d\'e9pendances\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Lecture des informations d'\'e9tat... Fait\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 E: Impossible de trouver le paquet splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 E: Impossible de trouver de paquet correspondant \'e0 l'expression rationnelle \'ab\~splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb\~\'bb\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 E: Impossible de trouver de paquet correspondant \'e0 l'expression rationnelle \'ab\~splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb\~\'bb\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# sudo apt-get purge splunkforwarder\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Lecture des listes de paquets... Fait\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Construction de l'arbre des d\'e9pendances\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Lecture des informations d'\'e9tat... Fait\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Les paquets suivants seront ENLEV\'c9S\~:\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0   splunkforwarder*\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 0 mis \'e0 jour, 0 nouvellement install\'e9s, 1 \'e0 enlever et 107 non mis \'e0 jour.\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Apr\'e8s cette op\'e9ration, 0 o d'espace disque suppl\'e9mentaires seront utilis\'e9s.\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Souhaitez-vous continuer\~? [O/n] o\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 (Lecture de la base de donn\'e9es... 141475 fichiers et r\'e9pertoires d\'e9j\'e0 install\'e9s.)\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Suppression de splunkforwarder (8.2.0) ...\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 dpkg: avertissement: lors de la suppression de splunkforwarder, le r\'e9pertoire \'ab\~/opt/splunkforwarder/etc/users\~\'bb n'\'e9tait pas vide, donc il n'a pas \'e9t\'e9 supprim\'e9\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 dpkg: avertissement: lors de la suppression de splunkforwarder, le r\'e9pertoire \'ab\~/opt/splunkforwarder/etc/system/metadata\~\'bb n'\'e9tait pas vide, donc il n'a pas \'e9t\'e9 supprim\'e9\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 dpkg: avertissement: lors de la suppression de splunkforwarder, le r\'e9pertoire \'ab\~/opt/splunkforwarder/etc/system/local\~\'bb n'\'e9tait pas vide, donc il n'a pas \'e9t\'e9 supprim\'e9\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 dpkg: avertissement: lors de la suppression de splunkforwarder, le r\'e9pertoire \'ab\~/opt/splunkforwarder/etc/myinstall\~\'bb n'\'e9tait pas vide, donc il n'a pas \'e9t\'e9 supprim\'e9\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 dpkg: avertissement: lors de la suppression de splunkforwarder, le r\'e9pertoire \'ab\~/opt/splunkforwarder/etc/auth\~\'bb n'\'e9tait pas vide, donc il n'a pas \'e9t\'e9 supprim\'e9\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# rm -r /opt/splunkforwarder/\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# sudo apt-get purge splunkforwarder\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Lecture des listes de paquets... Fait\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Construction de l'arbre des d\'e9pendances\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Lecture des informations d'\'e9tat... Fait\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 E: Impossible de trouver le paquet splunkforwarder\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# sudo apt-get autoremove\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Lecture des listes de paquets... Fait\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Construction de l'arbre des d\'e9pendances\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Lecture des informations d'\'e9tat... Fait\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 0 mis \'e0 jour, 0 nouvellement install\'e9s, 0 \'e0 enlever et 107 non mis \'e0 jour.\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# sudo apt-get purge splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# sudo dpkg -l | grep splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# find / -name "*splunk*"\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 /etc/init.d/splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 find: \lquote /run/user/1000/gvfs\rquote : Permission non accord\'e9e\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 /home/etudiant/splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# sudo find / -name "*splunk*"\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 /etc/init.d/splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 find: \lquote /run/user/1000/gvfs\rquote : Permission non accord\'e9e\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 /home/etudiant/splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# find / -name "*splunk*"\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# sudo dpkg -i splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 S\'e9lection du paquet splunkforwarder pr\'e9c\'e9demment d\'e9s\'e9lectionn\'e9.\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 (Lecture de la base de donn\'e9es... 140993 fichiers et r\'e9pertoires d\'e9j\'e0 install\'e9s.)\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Pr\'e9paration du d\'e9paquetage de splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 D\'e9paquetage de splunkforwarder (8.2.0) ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Param\'e9trage de splunkforwarder (8.2.0) ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 complete\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# /opt/splunkforwarder/bin/splunk enable boot-start\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 SPLUNK GENERAL TERMS\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Last updated: February 13, 2020\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 These Splunk General Terms ("General Terms") between\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk Inc., a Delaware corporation, with its principal place\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of business at 270 Brannan Street, San Francisco,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 California 94107, U.S.A ("Splunk" or "we" or "us" or "our")\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and you ("Customer" or "you" or "your") apply to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchase of licenses and subscriptions for Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offerings. By clicking on the appropriate button, or by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 downloading, installing, accessing or using the Offerings,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you agree to these General Terms. If you are entering into\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 these General Terms on behalf of Customer, you represent\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that you have the authority to bind Customer. If you do not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 agree to these General Terms, or if you are not authorized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to accept the General Terms on behalf of the Customer, do\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not download, install, access, or use any of the Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 See the General Terms Definitions Exhibit attached for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 definitions of capitalized terms not defined herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 1. License Rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) General Rights. You have the nonexclusive, worldwide,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     nontransferable and nonsublicensable right, subject to payment of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Fees and compliance with the terms of these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms, to use your Purchased Offerings for your Internal Business\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purposes during the Term and up to the Capacity purchased.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Copies for On-Premise Products. You have the right to make a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonable number of copies of On-Premise Products for archival\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and back-up purposes.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Splunk Extensions. You may use Splunk Extensions in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     connection with the applicable Purchased Offering subject to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     same terms and conditions for that Offering (including with respect\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to Term) and payment of any Fees associated with the Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extensions. Some Splunk Extensions may be made available under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     license terms that provide broader rights than the license rights you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have to the applicable underlying Offering (e.g., if the Extension is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Open Source Software). These broader rights will apply to that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk Extension. Splunk Extensions may be installed on Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services pursuant to our instructions.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Trials, Evaluations, Beta and Free Licenses.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (i) Trials and Evaluations. Offerings provided for trials and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     evaluations, as specified in an Order, are provided at no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     charge, and their use will be for the specified limited duration.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (ii) Beta Licenses. Some Offerings may be available to you as a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     preview, or as an alpha, beta or other pre-release version\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (each, a "Beta Offering"). All rights for Beta Offerings are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     solely for internal testing and evaluation.  Your use of a Beta\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering will be for the term specified by us, and if no term is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     specified, then for the earlier of one year from the start date of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the Beta Offering or when that version of the Beta Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     becomes generally available.  We may discontinue the Beta\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering at any time and may decide not to make any of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     features and functionality generally available\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (iii) Free Licenses. From time to time, we may make certain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offerings available for full use (i.e., not subject to limited\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     evaluation purposes) at no charge. These free Offerings may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have limited features, functions and other technical limitations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Test and Development Licenses.  For Offerings identified as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     "Test and Development" Offerings on your Order, you only have the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     right to use those Offerings up to the applicable Capacity on a non-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     production system for non-production uses, including product\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     migration testing or pre-production staging, or testing new data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     sources, types, or use cases.  Test and Development Offerings\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     may not be used for any revenue generation, commercial activity,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or other productive business or purpose.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (F) Limitations.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     General Terms, we do not provide maintenance and support,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranties, or indemnification for Test and Development Offerings,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     trials, evaluations, or free or Beta Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 2. Purchasing Through Authorized Resellers\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 If you purchase Offerings through a Splunk authorized reseller, these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 General Terms will govern those Offerings. Your payment obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 for the Purchased Offerings will be with the authorized reseller, not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk. You will have no direct Fee payment obligations to Splunk for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 those Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Any terms agreed to between you and the authorized reseller that are in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 addition to these General Terms are solely between you and the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 authorized reseller. No agreement between you and an authorized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 reseller is binding on Splunk, or will have any force or effect with respect\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to the rights in, or the operation, use or provision of, the Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 3. Your Contractors and Third Party Providers\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You may permit your authorized consultants, contractors, and agents\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ("Third Party Providers") to access and use your Purchased Offerings,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 but only on your behalf in connection with providing services to you, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subject to the terms and conditions of these General Terms. Any access\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 or use by a Third Party Provider will be subject to the same limitations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and restrictions that apply to you under these General Terms, and you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will be responsible for any Third Party Provider's actions relating to or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use of the Offering. The aggregate use by you and all of your Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Party Providers must not exceed the Capacity purchased, and nothing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in this Section is intended to or will be deemed to increase such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capacity.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 4. Hosted Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Service Levels. When you purchase Hosted Services as a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering, we will make the applicable Hosted Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     available to you during the Term in accordance with these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms.  If a Service Level Schedule applies to your Hosted Service\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (as identified in the Specific Hosted Services Terms referenced in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Section 4(I) below), the Service Level Schedule and associated\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     remedies will apply to the availability and uptime of the Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Service. If applicable, service credits will be available for downtime\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in accordance with the Service Level Schedule.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Data Protection. Please refer to Sections 9 and 10 below for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information on Splunk's security and data protection programs for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     our Hosted Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Maintaining Protections. Notwithstanding anything to contrary in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms, or any policy or terms referenced herein via\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hyperlink (or any update thereto), Splunk may not, during a Term\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     materially diminish the security protections provided by the controls\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     set for the Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Connections. You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     telecommunications, broadband and computer equipment and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     services needed to access and use Hosted Services, and for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     paying all associated charges.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Your Responsibility for Data Protection. You are responsible for:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (i) selecting from the security configurations and security options\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     made available by Splunk in connection with a Hosted Service; (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     taking additional measures outside of the Hosted Service to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     extent the Hosted Service Offering does not provide the controls\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that may be required or desired by you; and (iii) routine archiving\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and backing up of Customer Content. You agree to notify Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     immediately if you believe that an unauthorized third party may be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     using your accounts or if your account information is lost or stolen.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (F) Data Restrictions.  You may not transmit and/or store PHI Data,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     PC&I Data or ITAR Data within the Hosted Services unless you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have specifically purchased a Purchased Offering for that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable regulated Hosted Services environment (as identified in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     an Order).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (G) Refund Upon Termination for Splunk's Breach. If a Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Service is terminated by you for Splunk's uncured material breach\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in accordance with these General Terms, Splunk will refund you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any prepaid subscription fees covering the remainder of the Term\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     after the effective date of termination.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (H) Return of Customer Content. Customer Content may be retrieved\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     by you and removed from the Hosted Services in accordance with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the applicable Documentation. We will make the Customer Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     available on the Hosted Services for thirty (30) days after\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     termination of a subscription for your retrieval. After that thirty (30)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     day period, we will have no obligation to maintain the storage of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your Customer Content, and you hereby authorize us thereafter to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     delete all remaining Customer Content, unless we are otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     legally prohibited from doing so. If you require assistance in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     connection with migration of your Customer Content, depending on\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the nature of the request, we may require a mutually agreed upon\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     fee for assistance.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (I) Specific Hosted Services Terms.  Specific security controls and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     certifications, data policies, service descriptions, Service Level\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Schedules and other terms specific to Hosted Services ("Specific\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Services Terms") are set forth here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     www.splunk.com/SpecificTerms, and will apply as applicable.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 5. Support and Maintenance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Your Purchased Offerings may include support and maintenance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 services as part of your purchase. The specific Support Program\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchased with a Purchased Offering will be identified in the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Order. Splunk will provide the purchased level of support and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 maintenance services in accordance with the terms of the Support\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Exhibit attached to these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 6. Configuration and Implementation Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk offers standard services to implement and configure your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Purchased Offerings, subject to the payment of the Fees for these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 services in an Order, and the terms of the Configuration and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Implementation Services Exhibit attached to these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 7. Use Restrictions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Except as expressly permitted in an Order or our Documentation, you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 agree not to (nor allow any third party to): (a) reverse engineer (except\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to the extent specifically permitted by statutory law), decompile,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover source code or underlying\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 structures, ideas or algorithms of any Offering; (b) modify, translate or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 create derivative works based on the Offerings; (c) use an Offering for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 service bureau purposes, or for any purpose other than your own\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Internal Business Purposes; (d) resell, transfer or distribute any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering; (e) access or use any Offering in order to monitor its\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 availability, performance, or functionality for competitive purposes; (f)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 attempt to disable or circumvent any license key or other technological\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 mechanisms or measures intended to prevent, limit or control use or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 copying of, or access to, Offerings; (g) separately use any of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable features and functionalities of the Offerings with external\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applications or code not furnished by Splunk or any data not processed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by the Offering; (h) exceed the Capacity purchased or (i) use any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering in violation of all applicable laws and regulations (including but\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not limited to any applicable privacy and intellectual property laws).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 8. Our Ethics, Compliance and Corporate\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Responsibility\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Ethics and Corporate Responsibility. Splunk is committed to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acting ethically and in compliance with applicable law, and we have\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     policies and guidelines in place designed to provide awareness of,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and compliance with, the laws and regulations that apply to our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     business globally. We are committed to ethical business conduct,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and we strive to perform in accordance with the highest global\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ethical principles, as described in the Splunk Code of Conduct and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Ethics found here: https://investors.splunk.com/code-business-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     conduct-and-ethics-1.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Anti-Corruption. We use diligent efforts to implement and maintain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     programs to ensure compliance with applicable anti-corruption and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     anti-bribery laws. Splunk policy prohibits the offering or soliciting of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any illegal or improper bribe, kickback, payment, gift, or thing of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     value to or from any of your employees or agents in connection with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms. If we learn of any violation of the above, we\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will use reasonable efforts to promptly notify you at the main\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     contact address provided by you to Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Export. We certify that Splunk is not on any of the relevant U.S.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     government lists of prohibited persons, including the Treasury\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Department's List of Specially Designated Nationals and the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Commerce Department's List of Denied Persons or Entity List.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Export information regarding our Offerings, including our export\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     control classifications for our Offerings, is found here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     https://www.splunk.com/en_us/legal/export-controls.html.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 9. Data Protection\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk follows globally recognized data protection principles and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 industry-leading standards for the security of personal data.  Splunk is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 self-certified with the U.S. Department of Commerce for the EU-U.S.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks. Splunk's data protection\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 practices are set forth in Splunk Protects and include (as applicable)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 standard terms for the processing of Personal Data as defined under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 GDPR and Personal Information as defined under the CCPA.  Please\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 refer to the applicable Specific Hosted Services Terms that may apply to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 your Purchased Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 10. Security\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) General Security. Splunk's information security management\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     system ("ISMS") is calibrated to protect the confidentiality, integrity\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and availability of customer data. Splunk employees receive\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     regular training on Splunk's security policies and procedures,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     including annual training on secure data handling practices, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     supplemental, targeted trainings as appropriate. Employees are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     background checked and Splunk vendors are risk assessed prior\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to onboarding to determine if their data protection and security\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     practices meet Splunk's standards.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Offering Security. Hosted Services meet industry leading cloud\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security standards appropriate to the nature of service provided,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     e.g., Splunk Cloud HIPAA Offering certified to HIPAA security\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     requirements.  We have commercially reasonable physical,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     technical and procedural measures in place to protect Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Content against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     disclosure to third parties or unauthorized access by employees or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     contractors employed by Splunk. Any specific and additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security controls for a Hosted Service are set forth in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Documentation and Specific Hosted Services Terms\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     www.splunk.com/SpecificTerms.  Third-party certificates of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance issued as part of Splunk's audited third-party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance program are located on Splunk Protects.  In addition,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for On-Premise Products, which are not provided as a service and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     therefore are not audited for compliance, Splunk follows industry\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     standard security controls for the processing of customer data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     accessed or received through activities such as maintenance,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     implementation or configuration services.  Those industry standard\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security controls are set forth in Splunk's Information Security\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Addendum ("ISA") located at www.splunk.com/on-pre-isa.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Product Development Security. Splunk deploys secure software\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     development practices and uses a risk-based approach when\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applying its standard software development lifecycle (SDLC)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     methodology, which may include such things as performing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security architecture reviews, open source security scans, virus\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     detection, dynamic application security testing, network\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     vulnerability scans and external penetration testing in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     development environment.  Product-specific information about the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     SDLC in our Offerings is detailed more fully in the ISA.  Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Product Security Portal contains detailed information about\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk's program for managing and communicating product\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     vulnerabilities.  Splunk categorizes product vulnerabilities in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     accordance with the Common Vulnerability Scoring System\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ("Medium," "High," or "Critical") and uses commercially reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     efforts to remediate vulnerabilities depending on their severity\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     level in accordance with industry standards.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 11. Usage Data\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 From time to time, Splunk may collect Usage Data generated as a by-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 product of your use of Offerings (e.g., technical information about your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 operating environment and sessions, systems architecture, page loads\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and views, product versions, number and type of searches, number of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 users, source type and format). Usage data does not include Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Content. We collect Usage Data for a variety of reasons, such as to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identify, understand, and anticipate performance issues and the factors\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that affect them, to provide updates and personalized experiences to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customers, and to improve the Splunk Offerings.  Details on Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Usage Data collection practices are set forth in Splunk's Privacy Policy.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 12. Capacity and Usage Verification\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Certification. At Splunk's request, you will furnish Splunk a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     certification signed by your authorized representative verifying that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your use of the Purchased Offering is in accordance with these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     General Terms and the applicable Order. Also, if your Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering requires usage reporting (as specified and agreed in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Order), you agree to provide this reporting pursuant to those\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     requirements.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Specific Product Verification. For On-Premise Products, we may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ask you from time to time, but not more frequently than once per\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     calendar period, to cooperate with us to verify usage and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     adherence to purchased Capacities. If Splunk requests a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     verification process, you agree to provide Splunk reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     access to the On-Premise Product installed at your facility (or as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hosted by your Third Party Provider). If Splunk does any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     verification, it will be performed with as little interference as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     possible to your use of the On-Premise Product and your business\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     operations. Splunk will comply with your (or your Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Providers') reasonable security procedures.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Overages. If a verification or usage report reveals that you have\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     exceeded the purchased Capacity or the scope of your license\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     grant for your Purchased Offering (e.g. used as a service bureau)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     during the period reviewed, then we will have the right to invoice\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you using the applicable Fees at list price then in effect, which will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     be payable in accordance with these General Terms.  Without\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     limiting Splunk's foregoing rights, with respect to Hosted Services,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk may work with you to reduce usage so that it conforms to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the applicable usage limit, and we will in good faith discuss\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     options to right size your subscription as appropriate. For the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything to the contrary\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     herein, Splunk will have the right to directly invoice you for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     overages, regardless of whether you purchased the Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering from an authorized reseller. See the Specific Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services Terms for any additional information related to overages\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for a Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 13. Our Use of Open Source\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Certain Offerings may contain Open Source Software. Splunk makes\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 available in the applicable Documentation a list of Open Source\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Software incorporated in our On-Premise Products as required by the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 respective Open Source Software licenses.  Any Open Source Software\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that is delivered as part of your Offering and which may not be removed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 or used separately from the Offering is covered by the warranty, support\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and indemnification provisions applicable to the Offering.  Some of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Open Source Software may have additional terms that apply to the use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of the Offering (e.g., the obligation for us to provide attribution of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 specific licensor), and those terms will be included in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Documentation; however, these terms will not (a) impose any additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 restrictions on your use of the Offering, or (b) negate or amend any of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our responsibilities with respect to the Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 14. Splunk Developer Tools and Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk makes Splunk Developer Tools available to you so you can\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 develop Extensions for use with your Purchased Offerings (Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that you develop, "Customer Extensions").\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You have a nonexclusive, worldwide, nontransferable, nonsublicensable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 right, subject to the terms of these General Terms, to use Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Developer Tools to (a) copy and modify Splunk Developer Tools to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 develop your Customer Extensions, including to support interoperability\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 between the Offering and your system or environment, and (b) distribute\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 your Customer Extensions exclusively for use with the designated\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering.  Your rights are subject to the following conditions: (x) Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 proprietary legends or notices contained in the Splunk Developer Tools\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 may not be removed or altered when used in or with your Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extension; and (y) you may not make any statement that your Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extension is certified or that its performance is guaranteed by Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You retain title to your Customer Extensions, subject to Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ownership in our Offerings and any materials and technology provided\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by Splunk in connection with the Splunk Developer Tools.  If you allow\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 end users of Customer Extensions to modify or distribute the Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions, you will limit such modification or distribution to use with the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 designated Offering only, and will flow down the conditions in (x) and (y)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 above to end users of Customer Extensions.  You agree to assume full\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 responsibility for the performance and distribution of Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 15. Third Party Extensions, Third Party Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and Unsupported Splunk Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Third Party Extensions. Splunk makes no promises or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     guarantees related to Extensions on Splunkbase developed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and/or made available by a third party ("Third-Party Extension").\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk makes Third Party Extensions available for download on\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunkbase as a convenience to its customers. Splunk neither\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     controls nor endorses, nor is Splunk responsible for, any Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Extension, including the accuracy, integrity, quality, legality,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     usefulness or security of the Third Party Extension. Nothing in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms or on Splunkbase will be deemed to be a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     representation or warranty by Splunk with respect to any Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Extension, even if a particular Third Party Extension is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     identified as "certified" or "validated" for use with an Offering. We\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     may, in our reasonable discretion, block or disable access to any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Third Party Extension at any time. Your use of a Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extension is at your own risk and may be subject to any additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terms, conditions and policies applicable to that Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extension (such as license terms, terms of service, or privacy\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     policies of the providers of such Third Party Extension).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Third Party Content. Hosted Services may contain features or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     functions that enable interoperation with Third Party Content that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you, in your sole discretion, choose to add to a Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     You may be required to obtain access separately to such Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Content from the respective providers, and you may be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     required to grant Splunk access to your accounts with such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     providers to the extent necessary for Splunk to allow the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     interoperation with the Hosted Service. By requesting or allowing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk to enable access to such Third Party Content in connection\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     with the Hosted Services, you certify that you are authorized under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the provider's terms to allow such access.   If you install or enable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (or direct or otherwise authorize Splunk to install or enable) Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Content for use with a Hosted Service where the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     interoperation includes access by the third party provider to your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Content, you hereby authorize Splunk to allow the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provider of such Third Party Content to access Customer Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     as necessary for the interoperation. You agree that Splunk is not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible or liable for disclosure, modification or deletion of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Content resulting from access to Customer Content by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     such Third Party Content, nor is Splunk liable for any damages or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     downtime that you may incur or any impact on your experience of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the Hosted Service, directly or indirectly, as a result of your use of,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and/or reliance upon, any Third Party Content, sites or resources.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Unsupported Splunk Extensions. The Service Level Schedule\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     commitments for any applicable Hosted Services will not apply to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk Extensions labeled on Splunkbase as "Not Supported."\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     You agree that Splunk is not responsible for any impact on your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     experience of a Hosted Service as a result of your installation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and/or use of any "Not Supported" Splunk Extensions, and that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your sole remedy will be to remove the "Not Supported" Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extension from the applicable Hosted Service. Further, some\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk Extensions may not be compatible or certified for use with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that Hosted Service (e.g., only specific Splunk Extensions are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     validated for our FedRAMP authorized environment for Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Cloud). Please refer to the applicable Documentation for more\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information related to the Splunk Extensions compatible with your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     specific Purchased Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 16. Your Compliance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Lawful Use of Offerings. When you access and use an Offering,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you are responsible for complying with all laws, rules, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     regulations applicable to your access and use. This includes being\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible for your Customer Content and users, for your users'\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance with these General Terms, and the accuracy, lawful use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of, and the means by which you acquired your Customer Content.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Registration. You agree to provide accurate and complete\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information when you register for and use any Offering and agree\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to keep this information current. Each person who uses any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering must have a separate username and password. For\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Services, you must provide a valid email address for each\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     person authorized to use your Hosted Services, and you may only\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have one person per username and password. Splunk may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonably require additional information in connection with certain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offerings (e.g., technical information necessary for your connection\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to a Hosted Service), and you will provide this information as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonably requested by Splunk. You are responsible for securing,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     protecting and maintaining the confidentiality of your account\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     usernames, passwords and access tokens.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Export Compliance. You will comply with all applicable export\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     laws and regulations of the United States and any other country\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ("Export Laws") where your users use any of the Offerings. You\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     certify that you are not on any of the relevant U.S. government lists\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of prohibited persons, including the Treasury Department's List of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Specially Designated Nationals and the Commerce Department's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     List of Denied Persons or Entity List. You will not export, re-export,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ship, transfer or otherwise use the Offerings in any country subject\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to an embargo or other sanction by the United States, including,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     without limitation, Iran, Syria, Cuba, the Crimea Region of Ukraine,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Sudan and North Korea, and you will not use any Offering for any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     purpose prohibited by the Export Laws.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) GovCloud Services. If you access or use any Hosted Services in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the specially isolated Amazon Web Services ("AWS") GovCloud\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (US) region (including without limitation any Hosted Services that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     are provisioned in a FedRAMP authorized environment), you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     represent and warrant that users will only access the Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region if users: (i) are "US\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Person(s)" as defined under ITAR (see 22 CFR part 120.15); (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have and will maintain a valid Directorate of Defense Trade\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Controls registration, if required by ITAR; (iii) are not subject to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     export control restrictions under US export control laws and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     regulations (i.e.,  users are not  denied or debarred parties or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     otherwise subject to sanctions); and (iv) maintain an effective\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance program to ensure compliance with applicable US\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     export control laws and regulations, including ITAR, as applicable.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     You are responsible for verifying that any user accessing Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Content in the Hosted Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     is eligible to access to such Customer Content.  The Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region may not be used to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     process or store classified data.   You will be responsible for all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     sanitization costs incurred by Splunk if users introduce classified\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     data into the Hosted Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Acceptable Use. Without limiting any terms under these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms, you will also abide by our Hosted Services acceptable use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     policy: https://www.splunk.com/view/SP-CAAAMB6.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 17. Confidentiality\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Confidential Information. Each party will protect the Confidential\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Information of the other. Accordingly, Receiving Party agrees to: (i)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     protect the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information using the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     same degree of care (but in no event less than reasonable care)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of a similar\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     nature; (ii) limit use of Disclosing Party's Confidential Information\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for purposes consistent with these General Terms, and (iii) use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     commercially reasonable efforts to limit access to Disclosing Party's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Confidential Information to its employees, contractors and agents or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     those of its Affiliates who have a bona fide need to access such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Confidential Information for purposes consistent with these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms and who are subject to confidentiality obligations no less\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     stringent than those herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Compelled Disclosure of Confidential Information.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Notwithstanding the foregoing terms, the Receiving Party may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party if it is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compelled by law enforcement agencies or regulators to do so,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provided the Receiving Party gives the Disclosing Party prior notice\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of such compelled disclosure (to the extent legally permitted) and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonable assistance, at the Disclosing Party's cost, if the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Disclosing Party wishes to contest the disclosure. If the Receiving\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party is compelled to disclose the Disclosing Party's Confidential\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Information as part of a civil proceeding to which the Disclosing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party is a Party, and the Disclosing Party is not contesting the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     disclosure, the Disclosing Party will reimburse the Receiving Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for its reasonable cost of compiling and providing secure access to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     such Confidential Information.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 18. Payment\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The payment terms below only apply when you purchase Offerings\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 directly from Splunk. When you purchase from an authorized reseller,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the payment terms are between you and the authorized reseller.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Fees. You agree to pay all Fees specified in the Orders. Fees are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     non-cancelable and non-refundable, except as otherwise expressly\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     set forth in these General Terms. Without limiting any of our other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     rights or remedies herein, overdue charges may accrue interest\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     monthly at the rate of 1.5% of the then-outstanding unpaid balance,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is lower. Fees are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     due and payable either within 30 days from the date of Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     invoice or as otherwise stated in the Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Credit Cards. If you pay by credit or debit card, you: (i) will provide\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk or its designated third-party payment processor with valid\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     credit or debit card information; and (i) hereby authorize Splunk or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     its designated third-party payment processor to charge such credit\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or debit card for all items listed in the applicable Order. Such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     charges must be paid in advance or in accordance with any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     different billing frequency stated in the applicable Order. You are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information and notifying Splunk in a timely manner of any changes\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to such information.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Taxes. All Fees quoted are exclusive of applicable taxes and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     duties, including any applicable sales and use tax. You are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible for paying any taxes or similar government\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assessments (including, without limitation, value-added, sales, use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or withholding taxes).  We will be solely responsible for taxes\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assessable against us based on our net income, property and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     employees\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 19. Splunk's Warranties\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Relationship to Applicable Law. We will not seek to limit our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     liability, or any of your warranties, rights and remedies, to the extent\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the limits are not permitted by applicable law (e.g., warranties,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     remedies or liabilities that cannot be excluded by applicable law).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) General Corporate Warranty. Splunk warrants that it has the legal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     power and authority to enter into these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Hosted Services Warranty.  Splunk warrants that during the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Term: (i) Splunk will not materially decrease the overall\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     functionality of the Hosted Services; and (ii) the Hosted Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will perform materially in accordance with the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Documentation.  Our sole and exclusive liability, and your sole and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     exclusive remedy for any breach of these warranties, will be your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     right to terminate the applicable Hosted Services Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering, and we will refund to you any prepaid but unused Fees for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the remainder of the Term.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) On-Premise Product Warranty. Splunk warrants that for a period\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of ninety (90) days from the Delivery of an On-Premise Product, the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     On-Premise Product will substantially perform the material\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     functions described in the applicable Documentation for such On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Premise Product, when used in accordance with the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Documentation. Splunk's sole liability, and your sole remedy, for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any failure of the On-Premise Product to conform to the foregoing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranty, is for Splunk to do one of the following (at Splunk's sole\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     option and discretion) (i) modify, or provide an Enhancement for,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the On-Premise Product so that it conforms to the foregoing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranty, (ii) replace your copy of the On-Premise Product with a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     copy that conforms to the foregoing warranty, or (iii) terminate the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering with respect to the non-conforming On-Premise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Product and refund the Fees paid by you for such non-conforming\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     On-Premise Product.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Disclaimer of Implied Warranties.  Except as expressly set\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     forth above, the Offerings are provided "as is" with no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranties or representations whatsoever, express or implied.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk and its suppliers and licensors disclaim all warranties\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and representations, including any implied warranties of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     purpose, noninfringement, or quiet enjoyment, and any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranties arising out of course of dealing or trade usage.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk does not warrant that use of Offerings will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     uninterrupted, error free or secure, or that all defects will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     corrected.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 20. Ownership\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Offerings. As between you and Splunk, Splunk owns and reserves\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     all right, title, and interest in and to the Offerings, developer tools\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and other Splunk materials, including all intellectual property rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     therein. We retain rights in anything delivered or developed by us or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     on our behalf under these General Terms. No rights are granted to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you other than as expressly set forth in these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Customer Content. You own and reserve all right, title and interest\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in your Customer Content. By sending Customer Content to a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Service, you grant us a worldwide, royalty free, non-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     exclusive license to access and use the Customer Content for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     purposes of providing you the Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Feedback. You have no obligation to provide us with ideas for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     improvement, suggestions or other feedback (collectively,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     "Feedback") in connection with an Offering, unless otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     expressly set forth in the applicable Order. If, however, you provide\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any Feedback, you hereby grant to Splunk a non-exclusive,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     transferable, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license (with rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to sublicense) to make, use, sell, offer to sell, reproduce, modify,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     distribute, make available, publicly display and perform, disclose\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and otherwise commercially exploit the Feedback.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 21. Term and Termination\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Term and Renewal. These General Terms will commence upon\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the Effective Date and will remain in effect until the expiration of all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Purchased Offerings, unless earlier terminated pursuant\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to this Section. Termination of a specific Purchased Offering will not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     affect the Term of any other Purchased Offering. Termination of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms will have the effect of terminating all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offerings. Grounds for terminating a Purchased Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (e.g., for non-payment), that are specific to the Purchased Offering,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will not be grounds to terminate Purchased Offerings where no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     breach exists. Unless indicated otherwise in an Order, the Term of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a Purchased Offering (and these General Terms) will automatically\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     renew for an additional period of time equal to the length of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     preceding Term, unless one party notifies the other of its intent not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to renew at least one (1) day in advance of the expiration of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Term or then-current renewal period.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Termination. Either party may terminate these General Terms, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any Purchased Offering, by written notice to the other party in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     event of a material breach of these General Terms, or the specific\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terms associated with that Purchased Offering, that is not cured\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     within thirty (30) days of receipt of the notice. Upon any expiration\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or termination of a Purchased Offering, the rights and licenses\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     granted to you for that Purchased Offering will automatically\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terminate, and you agree to immediately (i) cease using and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     accessing the Offering, (ii) return or destroy all copies of any On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Premise Products and other Splunk materials and Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Confidential Information in your possession or control, and, (iii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     upon our request, certify in writing the completion of such return or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     destruction. Upon termination of these General Terms or any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering, Splunk will have no obligation to refund any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Fees or other amounts received from you during the Term.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Notwithstanding any early termination above, except for your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     termination of our uncured material breach, you will still be required\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to pay all Fees payable under an Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Survival. The termination or expiration of these General Terms will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     not affect any provisions herein which by their nature survive\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     termination or expiration, including the provisions that deal with the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     following subject matters: definitions, ownership of intellectual\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     property, confidentiality, payment obligations, effect of termination,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     limitation of liability, privacy, and the "Miscellaneous" section in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Suspension of Service.   In the event of a material breach or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     threatened material breach of this Agreement, Splunk may, without\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     limiting its other rights and remedies, suspend your use of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Service until such breach is cured or Splunk reasonably\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     believes there is no longer a threat, provided that we will give you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     at least five (5) days' prior notice before suspension. Suspension of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a Hosted Services will have no impact on the duration of the Term\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of the Purchased Offering or the associated Fees owed.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 22. Limitation of Liability\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 In no event will the aggregate liability of either party, together with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any of its Affiliates, arising out of or related to any Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering exceed the total amount paid by you for that Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering in the twelve (12) months preceding the first incident out\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of which the liability arose.  For the avoidance of doubt, the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 foregoing limitation will not limit your obligations under the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Payment" section above, and will not be deemed to limit your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights to any service level credits under any applicable Service\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Level Schedule. Furthermore, the cap above will not be deemed to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 limit Splunk's right to recover amounts for your use of an Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in excess of the Capacity purchased or use outside of Internal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Business Purposes.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 In no event will either party or its Affiliates have any liability arising\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 out of or related to these General Terms for any lost profits,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 revenues, goodwill, or indirect, special, incidental, consequential,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 cover, business interruption or punitive damages.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The foregoing limitations will apply whether the action is in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 contract or tort and regardless of the theory of liability, even if a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 party or its Affiliates have been advised of the possibility of such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 damages or if a party's or its Affiliates' remedy otherwise fails of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 its essential purpose.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The limitation of liability herein will not apply to a party's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 infringement of the other party's intellectual property rights,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 indemnification obligations, or the fraud, gross negligence or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 willful misconduct of a party.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The foregoing disclaimers of damages will also not apply to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 extent prohibited by law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 exclusion or limitation of certain damages. To the extent such a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 law applies to you, some or all of the exclusions or limitations set\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 forth above may not apply to you, and you may have additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 23. Indemnity\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Our Indemnification to You. Splunk will defend and indemnify\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you, and pay all damages (including attorneys' fees and costs)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     awarded against you, or that are agreed to in a settlement, to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     extent a claim, demand, suit or proceeding is made or brought\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     against you or your Affiliates by a third party (including those\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     brought by the government) alleging that a Purchased Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     infringes or misappropriates such third party's patent, copyright,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     trademark or trade secret (a "Customer Claim"). Splunk will have\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     no obligation under the foregoing provision to the extent a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Claim arises from your breach of these General Terms,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your Customer Content, Third Party Extension, or the combination\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of the Offering with: (i) Customer Content; (ii) Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extensions; (iii) any software other than software provided by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk; or (iv) any hardware or equipment. However, Splunk will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     indemnify against combination claims to the extent (y) the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     combined software is necessary for the normal operation of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering (e.g., an operating system), or (z) the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering provides substantially all the essential elements\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of the asserted infringement or misappropriation claim. Splunk may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in its sole discretion and at no cost to you: (1) modify any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering so that it no longer infringes or misappropriates\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a third party right, (2) obtain a license for your continued use of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering, in accordance with these General Terms, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (3) terminate the Purchased Offering and refund to you any prepaid\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     fees covering the unexpired Term.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Your Indemnification to Us. Unless expressly prohibited by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable law, you will defend and indemnify us, and pay all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     damages (including attorneys' fees and costs) awarded against\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk, or that are agreed to in a settlement, to the extent a claim,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     demand, suit or proceeding is made or brought against Splunk or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     its Affiliates by a third party (including those brought by a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     government entity) that: (i) alleges that your Customer Content or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Extensions infringes or misappropriates such third party's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     patent, copyright, trademark or trade secret, or violates another\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     right of a third party; or (ii) alleges that your Customer Content or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your use of any Offering violates applicable law or regulation.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Mutual Indemnity. Each party will defend (or settle), indemnify and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hold harmless at its expense, any action brought against the other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     party by a third party to the extent that it is based upon a claim for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     bodily injury, personal injury (including death) to any person, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     damage to tangible property resulting from the negligent acts or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     willful misconduct of the indemnifying party or its personnel\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hereunder, and will pay any reasonable, direct, out-of-pocket costs,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     damages and reasonable attorneys' fees attributable to such claim\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that are awarded against the indemnified party (or are payable in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     settlement by the indemnified party).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Process for Indemnification. The indemnification obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     above are subject to the party seeking indemnification to: (i) provide\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the other party with prompt written notice of the specific claim; (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     give the indemnifying party sole control of the defense and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     settlement of the claim (except that the indemnifying party may not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     settle any claim that requires any action or forbearance on the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     indemnified party's part without their prior consent, which will not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     unreasonably withhold or delay); and (iii) gives the indemnifying\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     party all reasonable assistance, at such party's expense.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 24. Updates to Offerings\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Offerings and policies may be updated over the course of our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 relationship. From time to time, Splunk may update or modify an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering and our policies, provided that: (a) the change and modification\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applies to all customers generally, and are not targeted to any particular\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customer; (b) no such change or modification will impose additional fees\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 on you during the applicable Term or additional restrictions on your use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of the Offering, or alter our liability or the allocation of risk between us\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 under these General Terms; (c) no such change or modification will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 materially reduce the security protections or overall functionality of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Offering; and (d) any such change or modification will apply\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 only prospectively, and will not apply to any breach or dispute that arose\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 between the parties prior to the effective date of the change or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 modification.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 25. Governing Law\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 These General Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with the laws of the State of California, as if performed wholly within the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 state and without giving effect to the principles of conflict of law. Any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 legal action or proceeding arising under these General Terms will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 brought exclusively in the federal or state courts located in the Northern\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 District of California and the parties hereby consent to personal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 jurisdiction and venue therein. Splunk may seek injunctive or other relief\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in any state, federal, or national court of competent jurisdiction for any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 actual or alleged infringement of intellectual property or other proprietary\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights of Splunk, its Affiliates, or any third party.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Neither the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act nor the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods will apply\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 26. Use of Customer Name\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You agree that we may add your name to our customer list and identify\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you as a Splunk customer on Splunk's websites. Any further public use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of your name in connection with Splunk marketing activities (e.g., press\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 releases) will require your prior approval.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 27. Miscellaneous\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Different Terms. Splunk expressly rejects terms or conditions in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any Customer purchase order or other similar document that are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     different from or additional to the terms and conditions set forth in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms. Such different or additional terms and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     conditions will not become a part of the agreement between the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     parties notwithstanding any subsequent acknowledgement, invoice\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or license key that Splunk may issue.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) No Future Functionality. You agree that your purchase of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering is not contingent on the delivery of any future functionality\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or features, or dependent on any oral or written statements made\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     by Splunk regarding future functionality or features.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Notices. Except as otherwise specified in these General Terms, all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     notices related to these General Terms will be sent in writing to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     addresses set forth in the applicable Order, or to such other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     address as may be specified by either party to the other party, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will be effective upon (i) personal delivery, (ii) the second business\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     day after mailing, or (c), except for notices of termination or an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     indemnifiable claim ("Legal Notices"), which shall clearly be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     identifiable as Legal Notices, the day of sending by email. Billing-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     related notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant billing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     contact designated by Customer. All other notices to Customer will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     be addressed to the relevant system administrator designated by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Assignment. Neither party may assign, delegate or transfer these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     General Terms, in whole or in part, by agreement, operation of law\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or otherwise without the prior written consent of the other party,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     however Splunk may assign these General Terms in whole or in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     part to an Affiliate or in connection with an internal reorganization or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assets to which these General Terms relates. Any attempt to assign\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms other than as permitted herein will be null and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     void. Subject to the foregoing, these General Terms will bind and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     inure to the benefit of the parties' permitted successors and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assigns.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) U.S. Government Use Terms. Splunk provides Offerings for U.S.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     federal government end use solely in accordance with the following:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Government technical data and rights related to Offerings include\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     only those rights customarily provided to the public as defined in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms. This customary commercial license is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provided in accordance with FAR 12.211 (Technical Data) and FAR\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     12.212 (Computer Software) and, for Department of Defense\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     transactions, DFARS 252.227-7015 (Technical Data-Commercial\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Items) and DFARS 227.7202-3 (Rights in Commercial Computer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Software or Commercial Computer Software Documentation). If a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     government agency has a need for rights not conveyed under these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terms, it must negotiate with Splunk to determine if there are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acceptable terms for transferring such rights, and a mutually\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acceptable written addendum specifically conveying such rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     must be included in any applicable contract or agreement.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (F) Waiver; Severability. The waiver by either party of a breach of or a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     default under these General Terms will not be effective unless in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     writing. The failure by either party to enforce any provisions of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms will not constitute a waiver of any other right\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hereunder or of any subsequent enforcement of that or any other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provisions. If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms invalid or unenforceable, the remaining\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provisions of these General Terms will remain in full force and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     effect, and the provision affected will be construed so as to be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     enforceable to the maximum extent permissible by law.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (G) Integration; Entire Agreement. These General Terms along with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any additional terms incorporated herein by reference, constitute\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the complete and exclusive understanding and agreement between\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the parties and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     agreements, communications and understandings, written or oral,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     relating to their subject matter. Except as otherwise expressly set\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     forth herein, any waiver, modification or amendment of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provision of these General Terms will be effective only if in writing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and signed by duly authorized representatives of both parties.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (H) Force Majeure. Neither party or its Affiliates, subsidiaries, officers,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     directors, employees, agents, partners and licensors will (except for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the obligation to make any payments) be liable for any delay or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     failure to perform any obligation under these General Terms where\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the delay or failure results from any cause beyond their reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     control, including, without limitation, acts of God, labor disputes or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     other industrial disturbances, electrical, telecommunications, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     other utility failures, earthquake, storms or other elements of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     nature, blockades, embargoes, riots, acts or orders of government,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acts of terrorism, or war.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (I) Independent Contractors; No Third Party Beneficiaries. The\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     parties are independent contractors. These General Terms does\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     not create a partnership, franchise, joint venture, agency, fiduciary\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or employment relationship between the parties. There are no third-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     party beneficiaries of these General Terms. Neither party has the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     authority to bind or act on behalf of the other party in any capacity\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or circumstance whether by contract or otherwise.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 General Terms Definitions Exhibit\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Affiliates" means a corporation, partnership or other entity controlling,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 controlled by or under common control with such party, but only so long\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 as such control continues to exist. For purposes of this definition,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "control" means ownership, directly or indirectly, of greater than fifty\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 percent (50%) of the voting rights in such entity (or, in the case of a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 noncorporate entity, equivalent rights).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Capacity" means the measurement of usage of an Offering (e.g.,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 aggregate daily volume of data indexed, specific source type rights,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 number of search and compute units, number of monitored accounts,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 virtual CPUs, user seats, use cases, storage capacity, etc.) that is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchased for an Offering, as set forth in the applicable Order. The\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capacities for each of our Offerings can be found here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 https://www.splunk.com/en_us/legal/licensed-capacity.html.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "CCPA" means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Confidential Information" means all nonpublic information disclosed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by a party ("Disclosing Party") to the other party ("Receiving Party"),\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 whether orally or in writing, that is designated as "confidential" or that,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 given the nature of the information or circumstances surrounding its\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 disclosure, should reasonably be understood to be confidential.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Notwithstanding the foregoing, "Confidential Information" does not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 include any information that: (i) is or becomes generally known to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 public without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 was known to the Receiving Party prior to its disclosure by the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Disclosing Party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Party, (iii) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 owed to the Disclosing Party, or (iv) was independently developed by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Receiving Party.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Content Subscription" means the right of Customer to receive content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable to an Offering (e.g., models, templates, searches, playbooks,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rules and configurations, as described in the relevant Documentation)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 on a periodic basis over the applicable Term.  Content Subscriptions are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchased as an add-on service and are identified in an Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Customer Content" means any data that is ingested by or on behalf of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you into an Offering from your internal data sources.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Delivery" means the date of Splunk's initial delivery of the license key\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 for the applicable Offering or, for Hosted Services, the date Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 makes the applicable Offering available to you for access and use.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Documentation" means the online user guides, documentation and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 help and training materials published on Splunk's website (such as at\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation) or accessible through the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Offering, as may be updated by Splunk from time to time.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Enhancements" means any updates, upgrades, releases, fixes,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 enhancements or modifications to a Purchased Offering made generally\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 commercially available by Splunk to its customers under the terms and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conditions in the Support Exhibit.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Extension" means any separately downloadable or accessible suite,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 configuration file, add-on, technical add-on, example module, command,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 function, playbook, content or application that extends the features or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 functionality of the applicable Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Fees" means the fees that are applicable to an Offering, as identified in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "GDPR" means the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data) as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 updated, amended or replaced from time to time.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "HIPAA" means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of 1996, as amended and supplemented by the Health Information\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Hosted Service" means a technology service hosted by or on behalf of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk and provided to you.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Internal Business Purpose" means your use of an Offering for your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 own internal business operations, based on the analysis, monitoring or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 processing of your data from your systems, net-works and devices.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Such use does not include use on a service bureau basis or otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to provide services to, or process data for, any third party, or otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use to monitor or service the systems, networks and devices of third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 parties.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "ITAR Data" means information protected by the International Traffic in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Arms Regulations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Offerings" means the products, services and other offerings that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk makes generally available, including without limitation On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Premise Products, Hosted Services, Support Programs, Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Subscriptions and Configuration and Implementation Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "On-Premise Product" means the Splunk software that is delivered to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you and deployed and operated by you or on your behalf on hardware\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 designated by you, and any Enhancements made available to you by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Open Source Software" means software that is licensed under a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 license approved by the Open Source Initiative or similar freeware\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 license, with terms requiring that such software code be (i) disclosed or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 distributed in source code or object code form, (ii) licensed for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purpose of making derivative works, and/or (iii) redistribute under the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 same license terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Orders" means Splunk's quote or ordering document (including online\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 order form) accepted by you via your purchase order or other ordering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 document submitted to Splunk (directly or indirectly through an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 authorized reseller) to order Offerings, which references the Offering,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capacity, pricing and other applicable terms set forth in an applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk quote or ordering document. Orders do not include the terms of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any preprinted terms on your purchase order or other terms on a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchase order that are additional or inconsistent with the terms of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "PC&I Data" means credit card information within the scope of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "PHI" means any protected health data, as defined under HIPAA.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Purchased Offerings" means the services, subscriptions and licenses\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to Offerings that are acquired by you under Orders, whether directly or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 through an authorized reseller.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Service Level Schedule" means a Splunk policy that applies to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 availability and uptime of a Hosted Service and which, if applicable,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 offers service credits as set forth therein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunkbase" means Splunk's online directory of or platform for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions, currently located at https://splunkbase.splunk.com and any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and all successors, replacements, new versions, derivatives, updates\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and upgrades and any other similar platform(s) owned and/or controlled\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunk Developer Tool" means the standard application programming\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 interface, configurations, software development kits, libraries, command\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 line interface tools, other tooling (including scaffolding and data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 generation tools), integrated development environment plug-ins or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 extensions, code examples, tutorials, reference guides and other related\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 materials identified and provided by Splunk to facilitate or enable the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 creation of Extensions or otherwise support interoperability between the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Software and your system or environment.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunk Extensions" means Extensions made available through\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunkbase that are identified on Splunkbase as built by Splunk (and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not by any third party).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Support Programs" are the Support Programs offered by Splunk and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified here: http://www.splunk.com/en_us/support-and-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 services/support-programs.html\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Term" means the duration of your subscription or license to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Offering that starts and ends on the date listed on the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Order. If no start date is specified in an Order, the start date\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will be the Delivery date of the Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Third Party Content" means information, data, technology or materials\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 made available to you by any third party that you license and add to a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Hosted Service or direct Splunk to install in connection with a Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Service. Third Party Content includes but is not limited to, Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions, web-based or offline software applications, data service or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 content that are provided by third parties.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Usage Data" means data generated from the usage, configuration,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 deployment, access and performance of an Offering. For example, this\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 may include such things as information about your operating\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 environment, such as your network and systems architecture, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 sessions, such as page loads and session views, duration, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 interactions, errors, number of searches, source types and format (e.g.,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 json, xml, csv), ingest volume, number of active and licensed users, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 search concurrency. Usage Data does not include Customer Content.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Exhibit to Splunk General Terms\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This Support Exhibit forms a part of the Splunk General Terms and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 governs your purchase, and Splunk's provision of Support Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 1. Support Programs\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Programs purchased as part of a Purchased Offering will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified in your applicable Order. Splunk will provide you the level of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Services described under the purchased Support Program,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subject to your payment of applicable Fees. "Support Programs" are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Support Programs offered by Splunk and identified here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 http://www.splunk.com/en_us/support-and-services/support-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 programs.html.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 2. Support Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Support Services" include technical support for your Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offerings, and, when available, the provision of Enhancements for your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Purchased Offerings, subject to the Support Policy described below.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Technical support under a Support Program is available via email or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 web portal, and certain Support Programs also make support available\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 via telephone. Support Services will be delivered by a member of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk's technical support team during the regional hours of operation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable under the Support Program. Support Services are delivered\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in English unless you are in a location where we have made localized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Services available.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 3. Support Policy\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Support Policy, provided here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 https://www.splunk.com/en_us/legal/splunk-software-support-policy.html\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ("Support Policy") describes the duration of our Support Services for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 certain Splunk On-Premise Products and other policies associated with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our Support Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 As we release new versions for our Offerings, we discontinue Support\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services for certain older versions.  Our Support Policy sets forth the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 schedule for the duration of support, and end of support, for Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 versions.  The current versions of our Offerings that are supported\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 under our Support Policy, and will be our "Supported Versions" herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 For the avoidance of doubt, the Support Policy may not apply to Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services, and the product and services version we make available as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our Hosted Services will be deemed Supported Versions herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 4. Case Priority\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Each Support Program offers different support levels for your case\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 priority levels. When submitting a case, you will select the priority for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 initial response by logging the case online, in accordance with the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 priority guidelines set forth under your Support Program. When the case\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 is received, we may in good faith change the priority if the issue does\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not conform to the criteria for the selected priority. When that happens,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 we will provide you with notice (electronic or otherwise) of such change.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 5. Exclusions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We will have no obligation to provide support for issues caused by any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of the following (each, a "Customer Generated Error"): (i)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 modifications to an Offering not made by Splunk; (ii) use of an Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 other than as authorized in the Agreement or as provided in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Documentation; (iii) damage to the machine on which an On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Premise Product is installed; (iv) use of a version of an Offering other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 than the Supported Version; (vi) third-party products that are not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 expressly noted in the Documentation as supported by Splunk; or (vi)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conflicts related to replacing or installing hardware, drivers, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 software that are not expressly supported by Splunk and described in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the applicable Documentation. If we determine that support requested\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by you is for an issue caused by a Customer Generated Error, we will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 notify you of that fact as soon as reasonably possible under the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 circumstances. If you agree that we should provide support for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Customer Generated Error via a confirming email, then we will have the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 right to invoice you at our then-current time and materials rates for any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 such support provided by us.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 6. Support for Splunk Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Only Splunk Extensions that are labeled as "Splunk Supported" on\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunkbase, or other Splunk-branded marketplace, are eligible for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 support, and this support is limited. For those labeled Splunk Supported,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 we will provide an initial response and acknowledgement in accordance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with the P3 terms that are applicable in the applicable Support Program.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Enhancements for Splunk Extensions labeled as Splunk Supported\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 when made available. No other terms of a Support Program will apply to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 a Splunk Application. For those labeled as "Not Supported," Splunk will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 have no support obligations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 7. Authorized Support Contacts\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You are entitled to have a certain number of Support Contacts under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 each Support Program. "Support Contacts" means the individual(s)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 specified by you that are authorized to submit support cases.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The number of Support Contacts will be based on the Capacity of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering purchased, and the applicable Support Program. The number\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of Support Contacts will be set forth in customer's entitlement\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 information on the Splunk support portal.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We only take support requests from, and communicate with, your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Contacts in connection with support cases. We strongly\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 recommend that your Support Contact(s) are trained on the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering. In order to designate Support Contacts, you must provide the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 individual's primary email address and Splunk.com login ID.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 8. Defect Resolution\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Should we determine that an Offering has a defect, we will, at our sole\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 option, repair the defect in the version of the Offering that you are then\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 currently using or instruct you to install a newer version of the Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with that defect repaired. We reserve the right to provide you with a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 workaround in lieu of fixing a defect should we in our sole judgment\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 determine that it is more effective to do so.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 9. Your Assistance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Should you report a purported defect or error in an Offering, we may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 require you to provide us with the following information: (a) a general\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 description of your operating environment; (b) a list of all hardware\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 components, operating systems and networks; (c) a reproducible test\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 case; and (d) any log files, trace and systems files. Your failure to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provide this information may prevent us from identifying and fixing that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purported defect.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 10. Changes to Support Programs\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You acknowledge that, subject to the Support Policy, and subject to any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 commitment we have under an Order with you, we have the right to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 discontinue the manufacture, development, sale or support of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering, at any time, in our sole discretion. We further reserve the right\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to alter Support Programs from time to time, using reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 discretion, but in no event will such alterations, during the Term of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Order, result in diminished Support Services from the level of your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable purchased Support Program.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Configuration and Implementation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Exhibit to Splunk General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This Configuration and Implementation Services Exhibit forms a part of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Splunk General Terms and governs your purchase, and Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provision of Configuration and Implementation Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capitalized terms below are defined in the General Terms, this\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Exhibit or in the Definition Exhibit attached to this Exhibit.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 1. Services and Statements of Work\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We will perform the C&I Services for you that are set forth in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Statements of Work.  You will pay the Fees under each\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Statement of Work in accordance with these General Terms, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 otherwise as we may expressly agree in the applicable Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 In each Statement of Work, we will designate our primary point of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 contact for you for all matters relating to the applicable C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (which we may change from time to time upon notice).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 2. Our Personnel\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Qualifications. The Personnel we assign to perform the C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will be qualified, skilled, experienced and otherwise fit for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 performance of the C&I Services. If you, in your reasonable judgement,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 determine that Personnel assigned to your project are unfit, we will in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 good faith discuss alternatives, and we will replace Personnel as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 reasonably necessary. You acknowledge that any replacement may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 cause delay in the performance of the C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Personnel Conduct. Our Personnel are subject to our Splunk Code of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Conduct and Ethics https://investors.splunk.com/code-business-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conduct-and-ethics-1, which includes, without limitation, an obligation to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 comply with our policies on protecting customer information, prohibitions\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 on illegal drugs and any impaired job performance, avoiding conflicts of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 interest, and acting ethically at all times. We also background check our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 employees, per the Section below.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Use of Subcontractors. We reserve the right to use subcontractors in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 performance of the C&I Services, provided: (a) any subcontractor we\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use meets the requirements herein and conditions of these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms and the Statement of Work; (b) we will be responsible for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subcontractor's compliance with the terms herein and the Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work; and (c) upon your request or inquiry, we will identify any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subcontractor that we are using, or plan to use, for C&I Services, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will cooperate in good faith to provide you with all relevant information\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 regarding such subcontractors.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 No Employee Benefits. We acknowledge and agree that our Personnel\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 are not eligible for or entitled to receive any compensation, benefits, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 other incidents of employment that you make available to your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 employees.  We are solely responsible for all employment related taxes,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 expenses, withholdings, and other similar statutory obligations arising\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 out of the relationship between us and our Personnel and the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 performance of C&I Services by such Personnel.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 3. Our Background Checks, Security and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Compliance Obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Compliance with Your Security Program. While on your premises,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our Personnel will comply with your security practices and procedures\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 generally prescribed by you for onsite visitors and service providers.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 However, any requirement that is in addition to the compliance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 requirements set forth in this Schedule (e.g., background checks that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 are different from the background checks described herein) must be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 expressly set forth in a Statement of Work. We agree to discuss in good\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 faith any condition or requirement you may have for our Personnel that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 are different from standard policies, however any additional requirement\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 may delay C&I Services, and must be vetted and implemented by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 mutual agreement of the parties and expressly set forth in a Statement\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of Work.  Splunk does not guarantee that it will be able to meet any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 additional requested requirements.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Security Practices. We implement and follow an enterprise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 security program, with the policies, plans, and procedures set forth here\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 www.splunk.com/prof-serv-isa. Our Personnel will be subject to the data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 protection and confidentiality obligations set forth in these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms with respect to any of your data that we may have access to in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 connection with the C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Background Checks. For U.S.-based projects, we will not assign an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 employee to perform C&I Services under a Statement of Work unless\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 we have run the following background check on the employee:  Criminal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Felony & Misdemeanor; SSN Validation; Federal Criminal; SSN Trace;\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Employment Report - Three (3) Employers; Education Report - One (1)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Institution; Global Sanctions & Enforcement; Prohibited Parties;\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Widescreen Plus National Criminal Search. You acknowledge that such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 background checks may not be permitted or customary outside the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 United States.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Permissions for Access. In the event you require any Personnel to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 sign any waivers, releases, or other documents as a condition to gain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 access to your premises for performance of the C&I Services ("Access\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Documents"),  you agree: (a) that Personnel who will be required to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 sign Access Documents will sign on behalf of Splunk; (b) that any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 additional or conflicting terms in Access Documents with these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms will have no effect; and (c) you will pursue any claims for breach\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of any terms in the Access Documents against Splunk and not the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 individual signing.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 4. Your Materials\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We will have no rights in or to any Customer Materials, however you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 grant us the right to use Customer Materials in order to provide the C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services. Nothing in these General Terms will deemed to transfer to us\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any ownership of Customer Materials.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 5. C&I Services Materials and Customizations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Unique to You\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services Materials.  The C&I Services we perform (e.g.,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 configuration of our Offerings), and the C&I Services Materials we offer,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 create, and deliver to you in connection with the C&I Services, are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 generally applicable to our business, and therefore we require the right\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to be able to re-use the C&I Services Materials we create for one\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customer in connection with all of our customers.  For the avoidance of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 doubt, our use of the C&I Services Materials created for you in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 connection with C&I Services will comply with our ongoing obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and restrictions with respect to your Customer Materials and your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Confidential Information, and we will not identify you in any way in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 connection with our further use of such C&I Services Materials.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Customer Owned Work Product.  However, in the unlikely event that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the parties agree that C&I Services Materials for a project are custom\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 work product unique to your business, and not applicable to other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customers generally, we will transfer ownership to those agreed C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Materials to you under the applicable Statement of Work. C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Materials must be expressly identified as "Customer Owned\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work Product" under a Statement of Work for ownership to pass to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you. Subject to payment of applicable Fees under the Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work, we hereby assign to you all rights, title and interest (including all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Intellectual Property Rights therein) in and to all C&I Services Materials\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified as Customer Owned Work Product (but excluding all Pre-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Existing Splunk IP incorporated into the Customer Owned Work\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Product).  At your request and expense, we will assist and cooperate\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with you in all reasonable respects and will execute documents, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 take such further acts reasonably requested by you to enable you to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 acquire, transfer, maintain, perfect and enforce your ownership rights in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 such Customer Owned Work Product.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Ownership.  Subject to your ownership rights in Customer Owned\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work Product and Customer Materials, we will own all rights in and to all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services Materials.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 License Rights. For those C&I Services Materials that are not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Customer Owned Work Product, you will have the right to access and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use those C&I Services Materials in connection with your applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offerings, and those rights will be of the same scope and duration as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 your rights to the underlying Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 6. C&I Services Warranty\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We warrant that the C&I Services will be performed in a good and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 workmanlike manner consistent with applicable industry standards.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This warranty will be in effect for a period of thirty (30) days from the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 completion of any C&I Services.  As your sole and exclusive remedy\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and our entire liability for any breach of the foregoing warranty, we will,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 at our option and expense, promptly re-perform any C&I Services that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 fail to meet this warranty or refund to you the fees paid for the non-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conforming C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 7. Your Cooperation\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You acknowledge that your timely provision of (and our access to) your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 facilities, equipment, assistance, cooperation, data, information and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 materials from your officers, agents and employees (the "Cooperation")\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 is essential to Splunk's performance of the C&I Services.  We will not be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 liable for any delay or deficiency in performing the C&I Services if you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 do not provide the necessary Cooperation.  As part of the Cooperation,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you will (1) designate a project manager or technical lead to liaise with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 us while we perform the C&I Services; (2)  allocate and engage\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 additional resources as may be required to assist us in performing the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services; and (3) making available to us any data, information and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any other materials reasonably required by us to perform the C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services, including any data, information or materials specifically\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified in the Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 8. Insurance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Throughout any period of C&I Services we perform for you, we will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 maintain insurance policies in the types and amounts described below\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 at our own expense:\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Commercial General Liability Insurance with a limit of not less than\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 $1,000,000 per occurrence and a general aggregate limit of not less\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 than $2,000,000.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Business Auto Insurance with a limit of not less than $1,000,000 per\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 accident.  Such Insurance will cover liability arising out of "hired and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 non-owned" automobiles.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Worker's Compensation Insurance as required by workers'\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 compensation, occupational disease and occupational health and safety\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 laws, statutes and regulations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Technology Errors & Omissions Insurance with a limit of not less than\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 $3,000,000.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Umbrella/Excess Insurance with a limit of not less than $3,000,000.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 9. Change Order Process\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You may submit written requests to us to change the scope of C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services described in a Statement of Work (each such request, a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Change Order Request").  If we elect to consider a Change Order\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Request, then we will promptly notify you if we believe that the Change\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Order Request requires an adjustment to the fees or to the schedule for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the performance of the C&I Services.  In such event, the parties will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 negotiate in good faith a reasonable and equitable adjustment to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 fees and/or schedule, as applicable.  We will continue to perform C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services pursuant to the existing Statement of Work and will have no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 obligation to perform any Change Order Request unless and until the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 parties have agreed in writing to such an equitable adjustment.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 10. Expenses\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Unless otherwise specified in the Statement of Work, we will not charge\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you for our expenses we incur in connection with a Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our daily C&I Services rates are inclusive of any expenses. In the event\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the parties agree that expenses are reimbursable under a Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work, we will mutually agree on any travel policy and any required\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 documentation for re-imbursement.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 11. Prepaid C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Unless otherwise expressly stated in a Statement of Work, all prepaid\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services must be redeemed within twelve (12) months from the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 date of purchase/invoice. At the end of the twelve (12) month term, any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 remaining pre-paid unused C&I Services will expire; no refunds will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provided for any remaining pre-paid unused C&I Services. Unless\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 otherwise specifically stated in a Statement of Work, Education is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 invoiced and payable in advance.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Configuration and Implementation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Definitions Exhibit\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "C&I Services" means the services outlined in the Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "C&I Services Materials" means the materials and other deliverables\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that are provided to you as part of the C&I Services, and any materials,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 technology, know-how and other innovations of any kind that we or our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Personnel may create or reduce to practice in the course of performing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the C&I Services, including without limitation all improvements or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 modifications to our proprietary technology, and all Intellectual Property\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Rights therein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Customer Materials" means the data, information, and materials you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provide to us in connection with your use of the C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Fees" means the fees that are applicable to the C&I Services, as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified in the Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Intellectual Property Rights" means all worldwide intellectual property\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights, including copyrights and other rights in works of authorship;\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights in trademarks, tradenames, and other designations of source or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 origin; rights in trade secrets and confidential information; and patents\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and patent applications.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Offerings" means the products, services and other offerings that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk makes generally available for purchase and use.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Orders" means Splunk's quote or ordering document (including online\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 order form) accepted by you via your purchase order or other ordering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 document submitted to Splunk (directly or indirectly through an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 authorized reseller) to order C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Personnel" means any employee, consultant, contractor, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subcontractor of Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunk Preexisting IP" means, with respect to any C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Materials, all associated Splunk Technology and all Intellectual Property\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Rights created or acquired: (a) prior to the date of the Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work that includes such C&I Services Materials, or (b) after the date of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 such Statement of Work but independently of the C&I Services provided\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 under such Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Statement of Work" means the statements of work and/or any all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Orders that describe the specific services to be performed by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk, including any materials and deliverables to be delivered by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 SPLUNK GENERAL TERMS (v1.2020)\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Do you agree with this license? [y/n]: y\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This appears to be your first time running this version of Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk software must create an administrator account during startup. Otherwise, you cannot log in.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Create credentials for the administrator account.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Characters do not appear on the screen when you type in credentials.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Please enter an administrator username: admin\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Password must contain at least:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0    * 8 total printable ASCII character(s).\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Please enter a new password:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Please confirm new password:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 execve: No such file or directory\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0   while running command /usr/sbin/update-rc.d\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# cat /etc/hosts\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 127.0.0.1       localhost\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 127.0.1.1       firewall\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 # The following lines are desirable for IPv6 capable hosts\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ::1     localhost ip6-localhost ip6-loopback\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ff02::1 ip6-allnodes\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ff02::2 ip6-allrouters\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# /usr/sbin/update-rc.d\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 update-rc.d: error: not enough arguments\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 usage: update-rc.d [-f] <basename> remove\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0        update-rc.d [-f] <basename> defaults\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0        update-rc.d [-f] <basename> defaults-disabled\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0        update-rc.d <basename> disable|enable [S|2|3|4|5]\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0                 -f: force\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The disable|enable API is not stable and might change in the future.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant#\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# apt-get update -y\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Atteint\~:1 http://security.debian.org/debian-security buster/updates InRelease\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Atteint\~:2 http://deb.debian.org/debian buster InRelease\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Atteint\~:3 http://deb.debian.org/debian buster-updates InRelease\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Lecture des listes de paquets... Fait\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# /usr/sbin/update-rc.d\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 update-rc.d: error: not enough arguments\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 usage: update-rc.d [-f] <basename> remove\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0        update-rc.d [-f] <basename> defaults\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0        update-rc.d [-f] <basename> defaults-disabled\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0        update-rc.d <basename> disable|enable [S|2|3|4|5]\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0                 -f: force\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The disable|enable API is not stable and might change in the future.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# /opt/splunkforwarder/bin/splunk enable boot-start\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 execve: No such file or directory\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0   while running command /usr/sbin/update-rc.d\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# /opt/splunkforwarder/bin/splunk enable boot-start -user admin\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Could not find user admin\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# /opt/splunkforwarder/bin/splunk enable boot-start -user etudiant\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Warning: cannot create "/opt/splunkforwarder/var/log/splunk"\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Warning: cannot create "/opt/splunkforwarder/var/log/introspection"\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Warning: cannot create "/opt/splunkforwarder/var/log/watchdog"\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 execve: No such file or directory\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0   while running command /usr/sbin/update-rc.d\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# sudo apt-get purge splunkforwarder\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Lecture des listes de paquets... Fait\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Construction de l'arbre des d\'e9pendances\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Lecture des informations d'\'e9tat... Fait\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Les paquets suivants seront ENLEV\'c9S\~:\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0   splunkforwarder*\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 0 mis \'e0 jour, 0 nouvellement install\'e9s, 1 \'e0 enlever et 107 non mis \'e0 jour.\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Apr\'e8s cette op\'e9ration, 0 o d'espace disque suppl\'e9mentaires seront utilis\'e9s.\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Souhaitez-vous continuer\~? [O/n] o\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 (Lecture de la base de donn\'e9es... 141475 fichiers et r\'e9pertoires d\'e9j\'e0 install\'e9s.)\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Suppression de splunkforwarder (8.2.0) ...\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 dpkg: avertissement: lors de la suppression de splunkforwarder, le r\'e9pertoire \'ab\~/opt/splunkforwarder/etc/users\~\'bb n'\'e9tait pas vide, donc il n'a pas \'e9t\'e9 supprim\'e9\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 dpkg: avertissement: lors de la suppression de splunkforwarder, le r\'e9pertoire \'ab\~/opt/splunkforwarder/etc/system/local\~\'bb n'\'e9tait pas vide, donc il n'a pas \'e9t\'e9 supprim\'e9\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 dpkg: avertissement: lors de la suppression de splunkforwarder, le r\'e9pertoire \'ab\~/opt/splunkforwarder/etc/myinstall\~\'bb n'\'e9tait pas vide, donc il n'a pas \'e9t\'e9 supprim\'e9\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 dpkg: avertissement: lors de la suppression de splunkforwarder, le r\'e9pertoire \'ab\~/opt/splunkforwarder/etc/auth\~\'bb n'\'e9tait pas vide, donc il n'a pas \'e9t\'e9 supprim\'e9\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# rm -r /opt/splunkforwarder/\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# sudo dpkg -i splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 S\'e9lection du paquet splunkforwarder pr\'e9c\'e9demment d\'e9s\'e9lectionn\'e9.\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 (Lecture de la base de donn\'e9es... 140993 fichiers et r\'e9pertoires d\'e9j\'e0 install\'e9s.)\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Pr\'e9paration du d\'e9paquetage de splunkforwarder-8.2.0-e053ef3c985f-linux-2.6-amd64.deb ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 D\'e9paquetage de splunkforwarder (8.2.0) ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0\f1 Param\'e9trage de splunkforwarder (8.2.0) ...\cf1\highlight2\f0 
\par \cf0\highlight0 complete\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# /opt/splunkforwarder/bin/splunk enable boot-start -user etudiant\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Warning: cannot create "/opt/splunkforwarder/var/log/splunk"\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Warning: cannot create "/opt/splunkforwarder/var/log/introspection"\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Warning: cannot create "/opt/splunkforwarder/var/log/watchdog"\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 SPLUNK GENERAL TERMS\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Last updated: February 13, 2020\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 These Splunk General Terms ("General Terms") between\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk Inc., a Delaware corporation, with its principal place\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of business at 270 Brannan Street, San Francisco,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 California 94107, U.S.A ("Splunk" or "we" or "us" or "our")\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and you ("Customer" or "you" or "your") apply to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchase of licenses and subscriptions for Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offerings. By clicking on the appropriate button, or by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 downloading, installing, accessing or using the Offerings,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you agree to these General Terms. If you are entering into\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 these General Terms on behalf of Customer, you represent\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that you have the authority to bind Customer. If you do not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 agree to these General Terms, or if you are not authorized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to accept the General Terms on behalf of the Customer, do\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not download, install, access, or use any of the Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 See the General Terms Definitions Exhibit attached for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 definitions of capitalized terms not defined herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 1. License Rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) General Rights. You have the nonexclusive, worldwide,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     nontransferable and nonsublicensable right, subject to payment of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Fees and compliance with the terms of these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms, to use your Purchased Offerings for your Internal Business\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purposes during the Term and up to the Capacity purchased.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Copies for On-Premise Products. You have the right to make a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonable number of copies of On-Premise Products for archival\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and back-up purposes.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Splunk Extensions. You may use Splunk Extensions in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     connection with the applicable Purchased Offering subject to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     same terms and conditions for that Offering (including with respect\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to Term) and payment of any Fees associated with the Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extensions. Some Splunk Extensions may be made available under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     license terms that provide broader rights than the license rights you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have to the applicable underlying Offering (e.g., if the Extension is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Open Source Software). These broader rights will apply to that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk Extension. Splunk Extensions may be installed on Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services pursuant to our instructions.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Trials, Evaluations, Beta and Free Licenses.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (i) Trials and Evaluations. Offerings provided for trials and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     evaluations, as specified in an Order, are provided at no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     charge, and their use will be for the specified limited duration.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (ii) Beta Licenses. Some Offerings may be available to you as a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     preview, or as an alpha, beta or other pre-release version\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (each, a "Beta Offering"). All rights for Beta Offerings are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     solely for internal testing and evaluation.  Your use of a Beta\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering will be for the term specified by us, and if no term is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     specified, then for the earlier of one year from the start date of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the Beta Offering or when that version of the Beta Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     becomes generally available.  We may discontinue the Beta\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering at any time and may decide not to make any of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     features and functionality generally available\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (iii) Free Licenses. From time to time, we may make certain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offerings available for full use (i.e., not subject to limited\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     evaluation purposes) at no charge. These free Offerings may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have limited features, functions and other technical limitations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Test and Development Licenses.  For Offerings identified as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     "Test and Development" Offerings on your Order, you only have the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     right to use those Offerings up to the applicable Capacity on a non-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     production system for non-production uses, including product\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     migration testing or pre-production staging, or testing new data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     sources, types, or use cases.  Test and Development Offerings\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     may not be used for any revenue generation, commercial activity,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or other productive business or purpose.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (F) Limitations.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     General Terms, we do not provide maintenance and support,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranties, or indemnification for Test and Development Offerings,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     trials, evaluations, or free or Beta Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 2. Purchasing Through Authorized Resellers\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 If you purchase Offerings through a Splunk authorized reseller, these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 General Terms will govern those Offerings. Your payment obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 for the Purchased Offerings will be with the authorized reseller, not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk. You will have no direct Fee payment obligations to Splunk for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 those Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Any terms agreed to between you and the authorized reseller that are in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 addition to these General Terms are solely between you and the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 authorized reseller. No agreement between you and an authorized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 reseller is binding on Splunk, or will have any force or effect with respect\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to the rights in, or the operation, use or provision of, the Offerings.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 3. Your Contractors and Third Party Providers\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You may permit your authorized consultants, contractors, and agents\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ("Third Party Providers") to access and use your Purchased Offerings,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 but only on your behalf in connection with providing services to you, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subject to the terms and conditions of these General Terms. Any access\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 or use by a Third Party Provider will be subject to the same limitations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and restrictions that apply to you under these General Terms, and you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will be responsible for any Third Party Provider's actions relating to or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use of the Offering. The aggregate use by you and all of your Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Party Providers must not exceed the Capacity purchased, and nothing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in this Section is intended to or will be deemed to increase such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capacity.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 4. Hosted Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Service Levels. When you purchase Hosted Services as a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering, we will make the applicable Hosted Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     available to you during the Term in accordance with these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms.  If a Service Level Schedule applies to your Hosted Service\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (as identified in the Specific Hosted Services Terms referenced in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Section 4(I) below), the Service Level Schedule and associated\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     remedies will apply to the availability and uptime of the Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Service. If applicable, service credits will be available for downtime\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in accordance with the Service Level Schedule.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Data Protection. Please refer to Sections 9 and 10 below for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information on Splunk's security and data protection programs for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     our Hosted Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Maintaining Protections. Notwithstanding anything to contrary in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms, or any policy or terms referenced herein via\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hyperlink (or any update thereto), Splunk may not, during a Term\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     materially diminish the security protections provided by the controls\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     set for the Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Connections. You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     telecommunications, broadband and computer equipment and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     services needed to access and use Hosted Services, and for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     paying all associated charges.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Your Responsibility for Data Protection. You are responsible for:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (i) selecting from the security configurations and security options\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     made available by Splunk in connection with a Hosted Service; (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     taking additional measures outside of the Hosted Service to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     extent the Hosted Service Offering does not provide the controls\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that may be required or desired by you; and (iii) routine archiving\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and backing up of Customer Content. You agree to notify Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     immediately if you believe that an unauthorized third party may be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     using your accounts or if your account information is lost or stolen.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (F) Data Restrictions.  You may not transmit and/or store PHI Data,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     PC&I Data or ITAR Data within the Hosted Services unless you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have specifically purchased a Purchased Offering for that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable regulated Hosted Services environment (as identified in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     an Order).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (G) Refund Upon Termination for Splunk's Breach. If a Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Service is terminated by you for Splunk's uncured material breach\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in accordance with these General Terms, Splunk will refund you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any prepaid subscription fees covering the remainder of the Term\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     after the effective date of termination.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (H) Return of Customer Content. Customer Content may be retrieved\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     by you and removed from the Hosted Services in accordance with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the applicable Documentation. We will make the Customer Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     available on the Hosted Services for thirty (30) days after\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     termination of a subscription for your retrieval. After that thirty (30)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     day period, we will have no obligation to maintain the storage of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your Customer Content, and you hereby authorize us thereafter to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     delete all remaining Customer Content, unless we are otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     legally prohibited from doing so. If you require assistance in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     connection with migration of your Customer Content, depending on\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the nature of the request, we may require a mutually agreed upon\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     fee for assistance.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (I) Specific Hosted Services Terms.  Specific security controls and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     certifications, data policies, service descriptions, Service Level\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Schedules and other terms specific to Hosted Services ("Specific\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Services Terms") are set forth here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     www.splunk.com/SpecificTerms, and will apply as applicable.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 5. Support and Maintenance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Your Purchased Offerings may include support and maintenance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 services as part of your purchase. The specific Support Program\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchased with a Purchased Offering will be identified in the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Order. Splunk will provide the purchased level of support and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 maintenance services in accordance with the terms of the Support\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Exhibit attached to these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 6. Configuration and Implementation Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk offers standard services to implement and configure your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Purchased Offerings, subject to the payment of the Fees for these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 services in an Order, and the terms of the Configuration and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Implementation Services Exhibit attached to these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 7. Use Restrictions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Except as expressly permitted in an Order or our Documentation, you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 agree not to (nor allow any third party to): (a) reverse engineer (except\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to the extent specifically permitted by statutory law), decompile,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover source code or underlying\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 structures, ideas or algorithms of any Offering; (b) modify, translate or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 create derivative works based on the Offerings; (c) use an Offering for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 service bureau purposes, or for any purpose other than your own\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Internal Business Purposes; (d) resell, transfer or distribute any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering; (e) access or use any Offering in order to monitor its\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 availability, performance, or functionality for competitive purposes; (f)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 attempt to disable or circumvent any license key or other technological\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 mechanisms or measures intended to prevent, limit or control use or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 copying of, or access to, Offerings; (g) separately use any of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable features and functionalities of the Offerings with external\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applications or code not furnished by Splunk or any data not processed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by the Offering; (h) exceed the Capacity purchased or (i) use any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering in violation of all applicable laws and regulations (including but\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not limited to any applicable privacy and intellectual property laws).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 8. Our Ethics, Compliance and Corporate\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Responsibility\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Ethics and Corporate Responsibility. Splunk is committed to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acting ethically and in compliance with applicable law, and we have\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     policies and guidelines in place designed to provide awareness of,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and compliance with, the laws and regulations that apply to our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     business globally. We are committed to ethical business conduct,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and we strive to perform in accordance with the highest global\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ethical principles, as described in the Splunk Code of Conduct and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Ethics found here: https://investors.splunk.com/code-business-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     conduct-and-ethics-1.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Anti-Corruption. We use diligent efforts to implement and maintain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     programs to ensure compliance with applicable anti-corruption and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     anti-bribery laws. Splunk policy prohibits the offering or soliciting of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any illegal or improper bribe, kickback, payment, gift, or thing of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     value to or from any of your employees or agents in connection with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms. If we learn of any violation of the above, we\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will use reasonable efforts to promptly notify you at the main\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     contact address provided by you to Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Export. We certify that Splunk is not on any of the relevant U.S.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     government lists of prohibited persons, including the Treasury\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Department's List of Specially Designated Nationals and the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Commerce Department's List of Denied Persons or Entity List.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Export information regarding our Offerings, including our export\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     control classifications for our Offerings, is found here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     https://www.splunk.com/en_us/legal/export-controls.html.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 9. Data Protection\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk follows globally recognized data protection principles and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 industry-leading standards for the security of personal data.  Splunk is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 self-certified with the U.S. Department of Commerce for the EU-U.S.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks. Splunk's data protection\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 practices are set forth in Splunk Protects and include (as applicable)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 standard terms for the processing of Personal Data as defined under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 GDPR and Personal Information as defined under the CCPA.  Please\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 refer to the applicable Specific Hosted Services Terms that may apply to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 your Purchased Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 10. Security\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) General Security. Splunk's information security management\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     system ("ISMS") is calibrated to protect the confidentiality, integrity\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and availability of customer data. Splunk employees receive\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     regular training on Splunk's security policies and procedures,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     including annual training on secure data handling practices, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     supplemental, targeted trainings as appropriate. Employees are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     background checked and Splunk vendors are risk assessed prior\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to onboarding to determine if their data protection and security\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     practices meet Splunk's standards.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Offering Security. Hosted Services meet industry leading cloud\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security standards appropriate to the nature of service provided,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     e.g., Splunk Cloud HIPAA Offering certified to HIPAA security\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     requirements.  We have commercially reasonable physical,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     technical and procedural measures in place to protect Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Content against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     disclosure to third parties or unauthorized access by employees or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     contractors employed by Splunk. Any specific and additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security controls for a Hosted Service are set forth in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Documentation and Specific Hosted Services Terms\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     www.splunk.com/SpecificTerms.  Third-party certificates of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance issued as part of Splunk's audited third-party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance program are located on Splunk Protects.  In addition,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for On-Premise Products, which are not provided as a service and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     therefore are not audited for compliance, Splunk follows industry\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     standard security controls for the processing of customer data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     accessed or received through activities such as maintenance,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     implementation or configuration services.  Those industry standard\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security controls are set forth in Splunk's Information Security\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Addendum ("ISA") located at www.splunk.com/on-pre-isa.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Product Development Security. Splunk deploys secure software\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     development practices and uses a risk-based approach when\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applying its standard software development lifecycle (SDLC)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     methodology, which may include such things as performing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     security architecture reviews, open source security scans, virus\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     detection, dynamic application security testing, network\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     vulnerability scans and external penetration testing in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     development environment.  Product-specific information about the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     SDLC in our Offerings is detailed more fully in the ISA.  Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Product Security Portal contains detailed information about\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk's program for managing and communicating product\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     vulnerabilities.  Splunk categorizes product vulnerabilities in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     accordance with the Common Vulnerability Scoring System\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ("Medium," "High," or "Critical") and uses commercially reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     efforts to remediate vulnerabilities depending on their severity\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     level in accordance with industry standards.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 11. Usage Data\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 From time to time, Splunk may collect Usage Data generated as a by-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 product of your use of Offerings (e.g., technical information about your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 operating environment and sessions, systems architecture, page loads\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and views, product versions, number and type of searches, number of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 users, source type and format). Usage data does not include Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Content. We collect Usage Data for a variety of reasons, such as to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identify, understand, and anticipate performance issues and the factors\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that affect them, to provide updates and personalized experiences to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customers, and to improve the Splunk Offerings.  Details on Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Usage Data collection practices are set forth in Splunk's Privacy Policy.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 12. Capacity and Usage Verification\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Certification. At Splunk's request, you will furnish Splunk a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     certification signed by your authorized representative verifying that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your use of the Purchased Offering is in accordance with these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     General Terms and the applicable Order. Also, if your Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering requires usage reporting (as specified and agreed in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Order), you agree to provide this reporting pursuant to those\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     requirements.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Specific Product Verification. For On-Premise Products, we may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ask you from time to time, but not more frequently than once per\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     calendar period, to cooperate with us to verify usage and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     adherence to purchased Capacities. If Splunk requests a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     verification process, you agree to provide Splunk reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     access to the On-Premise Product installed at your facility (or as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hosted by your Third Party Provider). If Splunk does any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     verification, it will be performed with as little interference as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     possible to your use of the On-Premise Product and your business\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     operations. Splunk will comply with your (or your Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Providers') reasonable security procedures.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Overages. If a verification or usage report reveals that you have\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     exceeded the purchased Capacity or the scope of your license\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     grant for your Purchased Offering (e.g. used as a service bureau)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     during the period reviewed, then we will have the right to invoice\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you using the applicable Fees at list price then in effect, which will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     be payable in accordance with these General Terms.  Without\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     limiting Splunk's foregoing rights, with respect to Hosted Services,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk may work with you to reduce usage so that it conforms to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the applicable usage limit, and we will in good faith discuss\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     options to right size your subscription as appropriate. For the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything to the contrary\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     herein, Splunk will have the right to directly invoice you for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     overages, regardless of whether you purchased the Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering from an authorized reseller. See the Specific Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services Terms for any additional information related to overages\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for a Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 13. Our Use of Open Source\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Certain Offerings may contain Open Source Software. Splunk makes\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 available in the applicable Documentation a list of Open Source\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Software incorporated in our On-Premise Products as required by the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 respective Open Source Software licenses.  Any Open Source Software\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that is delivered as part of your Offering and which may not be removed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 or used separately from the Offering is covered by the warranty, support\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and indemnification provisions applicable to the Offering.  Some of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Open Source Software may have additional terms that apply to the use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of the Offering (e.g., the obligation for us to provide attribution of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 specific licensor), and those terms will be included in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Documentation; however, these terms will not (a) impose any additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 restrictions on your use of the Offering, or (b) negate or amend any of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our responsibilities with respect to the Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 14. Splunk Developer Tools and Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk makes Splunk Developer Tools available to you so you can\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 develop Extensions for use with your Purchased Offerings (Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that you develop, "Customer Extensions").\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You have a nonexclusive, worldwide, nontransferable, nonsublicensable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 right, subject to the terms of these General Terms, to use Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Developer Tools to (a) copy and modify Splunk Developer Tools to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 develop your Customer Extensions, including to support interoperability\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 between the Offering and your system or environment, and (b) distribute\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 your Customer Extensions exclusively for use with the designated\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering.  Your rights are subject to the following conditions: (x) Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 proprietary legends or notices contained in the Splunk Developer Tools\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 may not be removed or altered when used in or with your Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extension; and (y) you may not make any statement that your Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extension is certified or that its performance is guaranteed by Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You retain title to your Customer Extensions, subject to Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ownership in our Offerings and any materials and technology provided\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by Splunk in connection with the Splunk Developer Tools.  If you allow\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 end users of Customer Extensions to modify or distribute the Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions, you will limit such modification or distribution to use with the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 designated Offering only, and will flow down the conditions in (x) and (y)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 above to end users of Customer Extensions.  You agree to assume full\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 responsibility for the performance and distribution of Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 15. Third Party Extensions, Third Party Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and Unsupported Splunk Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Third Party Extensions. Splunk makes no promises or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     guarantees related to Extensions on Splunkbase developed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and/or made available by a third party ("Third-Party Extension").\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk makes Third Party Extensions available for download on\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunkbase as a convenience to its customers. Splunk neither\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     controls nor endorses, nor is Splunk responsible for, any Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Extension, including the accuracy, integrity, quality, legality,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     usefulness or security of the Third Party Extension. Nothing in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms or on Splunkbase will be deemed to be a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     representation or warranty by Splunk with respect to any Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Extension, even if a particular Third Party Extension is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     identified as "certified" or "validated" for use with an Offering. We\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     may, in our reasonable discretion, block or disable access to any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Third Party Extension at any time. Your use of a Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extension is at your own risk and may be subject to any additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terms, conditions and policies applicable to that Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extension (such as license terms, terms of service, or privacy\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     policies of the providers of such Third Party Extension).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Third Party Content. Hosted Services may contain features or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     functions that enable interoperation with Third Party Content that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you, in your sole discretion, choose to add to a Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     You may be required to obtain access separately to such Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Content from the respective providers, and you may be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     required to grant Splunk access to your accounts with such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     providers to the extent necessary for Splunk to allow the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     interoperation with the Hosted Service. By requesting or allowing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk to enable access to such Third Party Content in connection\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     with the Hosted Services, you certify that you are authorized under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the provider's terms to allow such access.   If you install or enable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (or direct or otherwise authorize Splunk to install or enable) Third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party Content for use with a Hosted Service where the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     interoperation includes access by the third party provider to your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Content, you hereby authorize Splunk to allow the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provider of such Third Party Content to access Customer Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     as necessary for the interoperation. You agree that Splunk is not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible or liable for disclosure, modification or deletion of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Content resulting from access to Customer Content by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     such Third Party Content, nor is Splunk liable for any damages or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     downtime that you may incur or any impact on your experience of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the Hosted Service, directly or indirectly, as a result of your use of,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and/or reliance upon, any Third Party Content, sites or resources.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Unsupported Splunk Extensions. The Service Level Schedule\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     commitments for any applicable Hosted Services will not apply to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk Extensions labeled on Splunkbase as "Not Supported."\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     You agree that Splunk is not responsible for any impact on your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     experience of a Hosted Service as a result of your installation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and/or use of any "Not Supported" Splunk Extensions, and that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your sole remedy will be to remove the "Not Supported" Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extension from the applicable Hosted Service. Further, some\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk Extensions may not be compatible or certified for use with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that Hosted Service (e.g., only specific Splunk Extensions are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     validated for our FedRAMP authorized environment for Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Cloud). Please refer to the applicable Documentation for more\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information related to the Splunk Extensions compatible with your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     specific Purchased Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 16. Your Compliance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Lawful Use of Offerings. When you access and use an Offering,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you are responsible for complying with all laws, rules, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     regulations applicable to your access and use. This includes being\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible for your Customer Content and users, for your users'\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance with these General Terms, and the accuracy, lawful use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of, and the means by which you acquired your Customer Content.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Registration. You agree to provide accurate and complete\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information when you register for and use any Offering and agree\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to keep this information current. Each person who uses any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering must have a separate username and password. For\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Services, you must provide a valid email address for each\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     person authorized to use your Hosted Services, and you may only\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have one person per username and password. Splunk may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonably require additional information in connection with certain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offerings (e.g., technical information necessary for your connection\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to a Hosted Service), and you will provide this information as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonably requested by Splunk. You are responsible for securing,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     protecting and maintaining the confidentiality of your account\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     usernames, passwords and access tokens.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Export Compliance. You will comply with all applicable export\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     laws and regulations of the United States and any other country\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ("Export Laws") where your users use any of the Offerings. You\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     certify that you are not on any of the relevant U.S. government lists\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of prohibited persons, including the Treasury Department's List of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Specially Designated Nationals and the Commerce Department's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     List of Denied Persons or Entity List. You will not export, re-export,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     ship, transfer or otherwise use the Offerings in any country subject\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to an embargo or other sanction by the United States, including,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     without limitation, Iran, Syria, Cuba, the Crimea Region of Ukraine,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Sudan and North Korea, and you will not use any Offering for any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     purpose prohibited by the Export Laws.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) GovCloud Services. If you access or use any Hosted Services in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the specially isolated Amazon Web Services ("AWS") GovCloud\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (US) region (including without limitation any Hosted Services that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     are provisioned in a FedRAMP authorized environment), you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     represent and warrant that users will only access the Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region if users: (i) are "US\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Person(s)" as defined under ITAR (see 22 CFR part 120.15); (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     have and will maintain a valid Directorate of Defense Trade\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Controls registration, if required by ITAR; (iii) are not subject to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     export control restrictions under US export control laws and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     regulations (i.e.,  users are not  denied or debarred parties or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     otherwise subject to sanctions); and (iv) maintain an effective\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compliance program to ensure compliance with applicable US\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     export control laws and regulations, including ITAR, as applicable.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     You are responsible for verifying that any user accessing Customer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Content in the Hosted Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     is eligible to access to such Customer Content.  The Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region may not be used to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     process or store classified data.   You will be responsible for all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     sanitization costs incurred by Splunk if users introduce classified\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     data into the Hosted Services in the AWS GovCloud (US) region.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Acceptable Use. Without limiting any terms under these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms, you will also abide by our Hosted Services acceptable use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     policy: https://www.splunk.com/view/SP-CAAAMB6.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 17. Confidentiality\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Confidential Information. Each party will protect the Confidential\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Information of the other. Accordingly, Receiving Party agrees to: (i)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     protect the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information using the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     same degree of care (but in no event less than reasonable care)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of a similar\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     nature; (ii) limit use of Disclosing Party's Confidential Information\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for purposes consistent with these General Terms, and (iii) use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     commercially reasonable efforts to limit access to Disclosing Party's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Confidential Information to its employees, contractors and agents or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     those of its Affiliates who have a bona fide need to access such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Confidential Information for purposes consistent with these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Terms and who are subject to confidentiality obligations no less\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     stringent than those herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Compelled Disclosure of Confidential Information.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Notwithstanding the foregoing terms, the Receiving Party may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party if it is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     compelled by law enforcement agencies or regulators to do so,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provided the Receiving Party gives the Disclosing Party prior notice\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of such compelled disclosure (to the extent legally permitted) and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     reasonable assistance, at the Disclosing Party's cost, if the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Disclosing Party wishes to contest the disclosure. If the Receiving\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party is compelled to disclose the Disclosing Party's Confidential\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Information as part of a civil proceeding to which the Disclosing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Party is a Party, and the Disclosing Party is not contesting the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     disclosure, the Disclosing Party will reimburse the Receiving Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     for its reasonable cost of compiling and providing secure access to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     such Confidential Information.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 18. Payment\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The payment terms below only apply when you purchase Offerings\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 directly from Splunk. When you purchase from an authorized reseller,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the payment terms are between you and the authorized reseller.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Fees. You agree to pay all Fees specified in the Orders. Fees are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     non-cancelable and non-refundable, except as otherwise expressly\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     set forth in these General Terms. Without limiting any of our other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     rights or remedies herein, overdue charges may accrue interest\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     monthly at the rate of 1.5% of the then-outstanding unpaid balance,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is lower. Fees are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     due and payable either within 30 days from the date of Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     invoice or as otherwise stated in the Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Credit Cards. If you pay by credit or debit card, you: (i) will provide\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk or its designated third-party payment processor with valid\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     credit or debit card information; and (i) hereby authorize Splunk or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     its designated third-party payment processor to charge such credit\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or debit card for all items listed in the applicable Order. Such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     charges must be paid in advance or in accordance with any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     different billing frequency stated in the applicable Order. You are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     information and notifying Splunk in a timely manner of any changes\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to such information.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Taxes. All Fees quoted are exclusive of applicable taxes and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     duties, including any applicable sales and use tax. You are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     responsible for paying any taxes or similar government\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assessments (including, without limitation, value-added, sales, use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or withholding taxes).  We will be solely responsible for taxes\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assessable against us based on our net income, property and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     employees\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 19. Splunk's Warranties\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Relationship to Applicable Law. We will not seek to limit our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     liability, or any of your warranties, rights and remedies, to the extent\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the limits are not permitted by applicable law (e.g., warranties,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     remedies or liabilities that cannot be excluded by applicable law).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) General Corporate Warranty. Splunk warrants that it has the legal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     power and authority to enter into these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Hosted Services Warranty.  Splunk warrants that during the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Term: (i) Splunk will not materially decrease the overall\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     functionality of the Hosted Services; and (ii) the Hosted Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will perform materially in accordance with the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Documentation.  Our sole and exclusive liability, and your sole and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     exclusive remedy for any breach of these warranties, will be your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     right to terminate the applicable Hosted Services Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering, and we will refund to you any prepaid but unused Fees for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the remainder of the Term.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) On-Premise Product Warranty. Splunk warrants that for a period\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of ninety (90) days from the Delivery of an On-Premise Product, the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     On-Premise Product will substantially perform the material\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     functions described in the applicable Documentation for such On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Premise Product, when used in accordance with the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Documentation. Splunk's sole liability, and your sole remedy, for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any failure of the On-Premise Product to conform to the foregoing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranty, is for Splunk to do one of the following (at Splunk's sole\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     option and discretion) (i) modify, or provide an Enhancement for,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the On-Premise Product so that it conforms to the foregoing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranty, (ii) replace your copy of the On-Premise Product with a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     copy that conforms to the foregoing warranty, or (iii) terminate the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering with respect to the non-conforming On-Premise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Product and refund the Fees paid by you for such non-conforming\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     On-Premise Product.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) Disclaimer of Implied Warranties.  Except as expressly set\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     forth above, the Offerings are provided "as is" with no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranties or representations whatsoever, express or implied.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk and its suppliers and licensors disclaim all warranties\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and representations, including any implied warranties of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     purpose, noninfringement, or quiet enjoyment, and any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     warranties arising out of course of dealing or trade usage.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk does not warrant that use of Offerings will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     uninterrupted, error free or secure, or that all defects will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     corrected.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 20. Ownership\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Offerings. As between you and Splunk, Splunk owns and reserves\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     all right, title, and interest in and to the Offerings, developer tools\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and other Splunk materials, including all intellectual property rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     therein. We retain rights in anything delivered or developed by us or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     on our behalf under these General Terms. No rights are granted to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you other than as expressly set forth in these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Customer Content. You own and reserve all right, title and interest\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in your Customer Content. By sending Customer Content to a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Service, you grant us a worldwide, royalty free, non-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     exclusive license to access and use the Customer Content for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     purposes of providing you the Hosted Service.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Feedback. You have no obligation to provide us with ideas for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     improvement, suggestions or other feedback (collectively,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     "Feedback") in connection with an Offering, unless otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     expressly set forth in the applicable Order. If, however, you provide\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any Feedback, you hereby grant to Splunk a non-exclusive,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     transferable, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license (with rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to sublicense) to make, use, sell, offer to sell, reproduce, modify,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     distribute, make available, publicly display and perform, disclose\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and otherwise commercially exploit the Feedback.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 21. Term and Termination\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Term and Renewal. These General Terms will commence upon\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the Effective Date and will remain in effect until the expiration of all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable Purchased Offerings, unless earlier terminated pursuant\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to this Section. Termination of a specific Purchased Offering will not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     affect the Term of any other Purchased Offering. Termination of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms will have the effect of terminating all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offerings. Grounds for terminating a Purchased Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (e.g., for non-payment), that are specific to the Purchased Offering,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will not be grounds to terminate Purchased Offerings where no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     breach exists. Unless indicated otherwise in an Order, the Term of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a Purchased Offering (and these General Terms) will automatically\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     renew for an additional period of time equal to the length of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     preceding Term, unless one party notifies the other of its intent not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to renew at least one (1) day in advance of the expiration of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Term or then-current renewal period.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Termination. Either party may terminate these General Terms, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any Purchased Offering, by written notice to the other party in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     event of a material breach of these General Terms, or the specific\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terms associated with that Purchased Offering, that is not cured\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     within thirty (30) days of receipt of the notice. Upon any expiration\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or termination of a Purchased Offering, the rights and licenses\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     granted to you for that Purchased Offering will automatically\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terminate, and you agree to immediately (i) cease using and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     accessing the Offering, (ii) return or destroy all copies of any On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Premise Products and other Splunk materials and Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Confidential Information in your possession or control, and, (iii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     upon our request, certify in writing the completion of such return or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     destruction. Upon termination of these General Terms or any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering, Splunk will have no obligation to refund any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Fees or other amounts received from you during the Term.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Notwithstanding any early termination above, except for your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     termination of our uncured material breach, you will still be required\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     to pay all Fees payable under an Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Survival. The termination or expiration of these General Terms will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     not affect any provisions herein which by their nature survive\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     termination or expiration, including the provisions that deal with the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     following subject matters: definitions, ownership of intellectual\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     property, confidentiality, payment obligations, effect of termination,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     limitation of liability, privacy, and the "Miscellaneous" section in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Suspension of Service.   In the event of a material breach or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     threatened material breach of this Agreement, Splunk may, without\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     limiting its other rights and remedies, suspend your use of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Hosted Service until such breach is cured or Splunk reasonably\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     believes there is no longer a threat, provided that we will give you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     at least five (5) days' prior notice before suspension. Suspension of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a Hosted Services will have no impact on the duration of the Term\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of the Purchased Offering or the associated Fees owed.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 22. Limitation of Liability\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 In no event will the aggregate liability of either party, together with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any of its Affiliates, arising out of or related to any Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering exceed the total amount paid by you for that Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering in the twelve (12) months preceding the first incident out\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of which the liability arose.  For the avoidance of doubt, the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 foregoing limitation will not limit your obligations under the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Payment" section above, and will not be deemed to limit your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights to any service level credits under any applicable Service\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Level Schedule. Furthermore, the cap above will not be deemed to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 limit Splunk's right to recover amounts for your use of an Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in excess of the Capacity purchased or use outside of Internal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Business Purposes.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 In no event will either party or its Affiliates have any liability arising\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 out of or related to these General Terms for any lost profits,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 revenues, goodwill, or indirect, special, incidental, consequential,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 cover, business interruption or punitive damages.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The foregoing limitations will apply whether the action is in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 contract or tort and regardless of the theory of liability, even if a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 party or its Affiliates have been advised of the possibility of such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 damages or if a party's or its Affiliates' remedy otherwise fails of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 its essential purpose.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The limitation of liability herein will not apply to a party's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 infringement of the other party's intellectual property rights,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 indemnification obligations, or the fraud, gross negligence or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 willful misconduct of a party.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The foregoing disclaimers of damages will also not apply to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 extent prohibited by law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 exclusion or limitation of certain damages. To the extent such a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 law applies to you, some or all of the exclusions or limitations set\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 forth above may not apply to you, and you may have additional\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 23. Indemnity\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Our Indemnification to You. Splunk will defend and indemnify\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     you, and pay all damages (including attorneys' fees and costs)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     awarded against you, or that are agreed to in a settlement, to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     extent a claim, demand, suit or proceeding is made or brought\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     against you or your Affiliates by a third party (including those\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     brought by the government) alleging that a Purchased Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     infringes or misappropriates such third party's patent, copyright,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     trademark or trade secret (a "Customer Claim"). Splunk will have\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     no obligation under the foregoing provision to the extent a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Claim arises from your breach of these General Terms,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your Customer Content, Third Party Extension, or the combination\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of the Offering with: (i) Customer Content; (ii) Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Extensions; (iii) any software other than software provided by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk; or (iv) any hardware or equipment. However, Splunk will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     indemnify against combination claims to the extent (y) the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     combined software is necessary for the normal operation of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering (e.g., an operating system), or (z) the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering provides substantially all the essential elements\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     of the asserted infringement or misappropriation claim. Splunk may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     in its sole discretion and at no cost to you: (1) modify any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering so that it no longer infringes or misappropriates\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a third party right, (2) obtain a license for your continued use of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Purchased Offering, in accordance with these General Terms, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     (3) terminate the Purchased Offering and refund to you any prepaid\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     fees covering the unexpired Term.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) Your Indemnification to Us. Unless expressly prohibited by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     applicable law, you will defend and indemnify us, and pay all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     damages (including attorneys' fees and costs) awarded against\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Splunk, or that are agreed to in a settlement, to the extent a claim,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     demand, suit or proceeding is made or brought against Splunk or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     its Affiliates by a third party (including those brought by a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     government entity) that: (i) alleges that your Customer Content or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer Extensions infringes or misappropriates such third party's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     patent, copyright, trademark or trade secret, or violates another\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     right of a third party; or (ii) alleges that your Customer Content or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     your use of any Offering violates applicable law or regulation.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Mutual Indemnity. Each party will defend (or settle), indemnify and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hold harmless at its expense, any action brought against the other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     party by a third party to the extent that it is based upon a claim for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     bodily injury, personal injury (including death) to any person, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     damage to tangible property resulting from the negligent acts or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     willful misconduct of the indemnifying party or its personnel\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hereunder, and will pay any reasonable, direct, out-of-pocket costs,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     damages and reasonable attorneys' fees attributable to such claim\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     that are awarded against the indemnified party (or are payable in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     settlement by the indemnified party).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Process for Indemnification. The indemnification obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     above are subject to the party seeking indemnification to: (i) provide\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the other party with prompt written notice of the specific claim; (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     give the indemnifying party sole control of the defense and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     settlement of the claim (except that the indemnifying party may not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     settle any claim that requires any action or forbearance on the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     indemnified party's part without their prior consent, which will not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     unreasonably withhold or delay); and (iii) gives the indemnifying\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     party all reasonable assistance, at such party's expense.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 24. Updates to Offerings\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Offerings and policies may be updated over the course of our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 relationship. From time to time, Splunk may update or modify an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering and our policies, provided that: (a) the change and modification\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applies to all customers generally, and are not targeted to any particular\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customer; (b) no such change or modification will impose additional fees\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 on you during the applicable Term or additional restrictions on your use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of the Offering, or alter our liability or the allocation of risk between us\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 under these General Terms; (c) no such change or modification will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 materially reduce the security protections or overall functionality of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Offering; and (d) any such change or modification will apply\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 only prospectively, and will not apply to any breach or dispute that arose\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 between the parties prior to the effective date of the change or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 modification.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 25. Governing Law\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 These General Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with the laws of the State of California, as if performed wholly within the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 state and without giving effect to the principles of conflict of law. Any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 legal action or proceeding arising under these General Terms will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 brought exclusively in the federal or state courts located in the Northern\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 District of California and the parties hereby consent to personal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 jurisdiction and venue therein. Splunk may seek injunctive or other relief\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in any state, federal, or national court of competent jurisdiction for any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 actual or alleged infringement of intellectual property or other proprietary\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights of Splunk, its Affiliates, or any third party.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Neither the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act nor the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods will apply\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 26. Use of Customer Name\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You agree that we may add your name to our customer list and identify\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you as a Splunk customer on Splunk's websites. Any further public use\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of your name in connection with Splunk marketing activities (e.g., press\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 releases) will require your prior approval.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 27. Miscellaneous\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (A) Different Terms. Splunk expressly rejects terms or conditions in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any Customer purchase order or other similar document that are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     different from or additional to the terms and conditions set forth in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms. Such different or additional terms and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     conditions will not become a part of the agreement between the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     parties notwithstanding any subsequent acknowledgement, invoice\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or license key that Splunk may issue.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (B) No Future Functionality. You agree that your purchase of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Offering is not contingent on the delivery of any future functionality\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or features, or dependent on any oral or written statements made\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     by Splunk regarding future functionality or features.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (C) Notices. Except as otherwise specified in these General Terms, all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     notices related to these General Terms will be sent in writing to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     addresses set forth in the applicable Order, or to such other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     address as may be specified by either party to the other party, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     will be effective upon (i) personal delivery, (ii) the second business\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     day after mailing, or (c), except for notices of termination or an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     indemnifiable claim ("Legal Notices"), which shall clearly be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     identifiable as Legal Notices, the day of sending by email. Billing-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     related notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant billing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     contact designated by Customer. All other notices to Customer will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     be addressed to the relevant system administrator designated by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Customer.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (D) Assignment. Neither party may assign, delegate or transfer these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     General Terms, in whole or in part, by agreement, operation of law\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or otherwise without the prior written consent of the other party,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     however Splunk may assign these General Terms in whole or in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     part to an Affiliate or in connection with an internal reorganization or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assets to which these General Terms relates. Any attempt to assign\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms other than as permitted herein will be null and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     void. Subject to the foregoing, these General Terms will bind and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     inure to the benefit of the parties' permitted successors and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     assigns.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (E) U.S. Government Use Terms. Splunk provides Offerings for U.S.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     federal government end use solely in accordance with the following:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Government technical data and rights related to Offerings include\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     only those rights customarily provided to the public as defined in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms. This customary commercial license is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provided in accordance with FAR 12.211 (Technical Data) and FAR\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     12.212 (Computer Software) and, for Department of Defense\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     transactions, DFARS 252.227-7015 (Technical Data-Commercial\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Items) and DFARS 227.7202-3 (Rights in Commercial Computer\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     Software or Commercial Computer Software Documentation). If a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     government agency has a need for rights not conveyed under these\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     terms, it must negotiate with Splunk to determine if there are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acceptable terms for transferring such rights, and a mutually\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acceptable written addendum specifically conveying such rights\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     must be included in any applicable contract or agreement.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (F) Waiver; Severability. The waiver by either party of a breach of or a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     default under these General Terms will not be effective unless in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     writing. The failure by either party to enforce any provisions of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms will not constitute a waiver of any other right\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     hereunder or of any subsequent enforcement of that or any other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provisions. If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     these General Terms invalid or unenforceable, the remaining\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provisions of these General Terms will remain in full force and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     effect, and the provision affected will be construed so as to be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     enforceable to the maximum extent permissible by law.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (G) Integration; Entire Agreement. These General Terms along with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     any additional terms incorporated herein by reference, constitute\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the complete and exclusive understanding and agreement between\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the parties and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     agreements, communications and understandings, written or oral,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     relating to their subject matter. Except as otherwise expressly set\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     forth herein, any waiver, modification or amendment of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     provision of these General Terms will be effective only if in writing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     and signed by duly authorized representatives of both parties.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (H) Force Majeure. Neither party or its Affiliates, subsidiaries, officers,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     directors, employees, agents, partners and licensors will (except for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the obligation to make any payments) be liable for any delay or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     failure to perform any obligation under these General Terms where\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     the delay or failure results from any cause beyond their reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     control, including, without limitation, acts of God, labor disputes or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     other industrial disturbances, electrical, telecommunications, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     other utility failures, earthquake, storms or other elements of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     nature, blockades, embargoes, riots, acts or orders of government,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     acts of terrorism, or war.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (I) Independent Contractors; No Third Party Beneficiaries. The\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     parties are independent contractors. These General Terms does\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     not create a partnership, franchise, joint venture, agency, fiduciary\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or employment relationship between the parties. There are no third-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     party beneficiaries of these General Terms. Neither party has the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     authority to bind or act on behalf of the other party in any capacity\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0     or circumstance whether by contract or otherwise.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 General Terms Definitions Exhibit\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Affiliates" means a corporation, partnership or other entity controlling,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 controlled by or under common control with such party, but only so long\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 as such control continues to exist. For purposes of this definition,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "control" means ownership, directly or indirectly, of greater than fifty\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 percent (50%) of the voting rights in such entity (or, in the case of a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 noncorporate entity, equivalent rights).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Capacity" means the measurement of usage of an Offering (e.g.,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 aggregate daily volume of data indexed, specific source type rights,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 number of search and compute units, number of monitored accounts,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 virtual CPUs, user seats, use cases, storage capacity, etc.) that is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchased for an Offering, as set forth in the applicable Order. The\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capacities for each of our Offerings can be found here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 https://www.splunk.com/en_us/legal/licensed-capacity.html.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "CCPA" means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Confidential Information" means all nonpublic information disclosed\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by a party ("Disclosing Party") to the other party ("Receiving Party"),\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 whether orally or in writing, that is designated as "confidential" or that,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 given the nature of the information or circumstances surrounding its\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 disclosure, should reasonably be understood to be confidential.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Notwithstanding the foregoing, "Confidential Information" does not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 include any information that: (i) is or becomes generally known to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 public without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, (ii)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 was known to the Receiving Party prior to its disclosure by the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Disclosing Party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Party, (iii) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 owed to the Disclosing Party, or (iv) was independently developed by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Receiving Party.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Content Subscription" means the right of Customer to receive content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable to an Offering (e.g., models, templates, searches, playbooks,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rules and configurations, as described in the relevant Documentation)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 on a periodic basis over the applicable Term.  Content Subscriptions are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchased as an add-on service and are identified in an Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Customer Content" means any data that is ingested by or on behalf of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you into an Offering from your internal data sources.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Delivery" means the date of Splunk's initial delivery of the license key\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 for the applicable Offering or, for Hosted Services, the date Splunk\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 makes the applicable Offering available to you for access and use.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Documentation" means the online user guides, documentation and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 help and training materials published on Splunk's website (such as at\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation) or accessible through the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Offering, as may be updated by Splunk from time to time.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Enhancements" means any updates, upgrades, releases, fixes,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 enhancements or modifications to a Purchased Offering made generally\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 commercially available by Splunk to its customers under the terms and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conditions in the Support Exhibit.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Extension" means any separately downloadable or accessible suite,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 configuration file, add-on, technical add-on, example module, command,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 function, playbook, content or application that extends the features or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 functionality of the applicable Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Fees" means the fees that are applicable to an Offering, as identified in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Order.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "GDPR" means the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data) as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 updated, amended or replaced from time to time.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "HIPAA" means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of 1996, as amended and supplemented by the Health Information\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Hosted Service" means a technology service hosted by or on behalf of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk and provided to you.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Internal Business Purpose" means your use of an Offering for your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 own internal business operations, based on the analysis, monitoring or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 processing of your data from your systems, net-works and devices.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Such use does not include use on a service bureau basis or otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to provide services to, or process data for, any third party, or otherwise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use to monitor or service the systems, networks and devices of third\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 parties.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "ITAR Data" means information protected by the International Traffic in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Arms Regulations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Offerings" means the products, services and other offerings that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk makes generally available, including without limitation On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Premise Products, Hosted Services, Support Programs, Content\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Subscriptions and Configuration and Implementation Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "On-Premise Product" means the Splunk software that is delivered to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you and deployed and operated by you or on your behalf on hardware\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 designated by you, and any Enhancements made available to you by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Open Source Software" means software that is licensed under a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 license approved by the Open Source Initiative or similar freeware\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 license, with terms requiring that such software code be (i) disclosed or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 distributed in source code or object code form, (ii) licensed for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purpose of making derivative works, and/or (iii) redistribute under the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 same license terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Orders" means Splunk's quote or ordering document (including online\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 order form) accepted by you via your purchase order or other ordering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 document submitted to Splunk (directly or indirectly through an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 authorized reseller) to order Offerings, which references the Offering,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capacity, pricing and other applicable terms set forth in an applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk quote or ordering document. Orders do not include the terms of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any preprinted terms on your purchase order or other terms on a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purchase order that are additional or inconsistent with the terms of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 these General Terms.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "PC&I Data" means credit card information within the scope of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "PHI" means any protected health data, as defined under HIPAA.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Purchased Offerings" means the services, subscriptions and licenses\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to Offerings that are acquired by you under Orders, whether directly or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 through an authorized reseller.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Service Level Schedule" means a Splunk policy that applies to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 availability and uptime of a Hosted Service and which, if applicable,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 offers service credits as set forth therein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunkbase" means Splunk's online directory of or platform for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions, currently located at https://splunkbase.splunk.com and any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and all successors, replacements, new versions, derivatives, updates\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and upgrades and any other similar platform(s) owned and/or controlled\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunk Developer Tool" means the standard application programming\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 interface, configurations, software development kits, libraries, command\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 line interface tools, other tooling (including scaffolding and data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 generation tools), integrated development environment plug-ins or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 extensions, code examples, tutorials, reference guides and other related\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 materials identified and provided by Splunk to facilitate or enable the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 creation of Extensions or otherwise support interoperability between the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Software and your system or environment.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunk Extensions" means Extensions made available through\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunkbase that are identified on Splunkbase as built by Splunk (and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not by any third party).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Support Programs" are the Support Programs offered by Splunk and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified here: http://www.splunk.com/en_us/support-and-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 services/support-programs.html\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Term" means the duration of your subscription or license to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Offering that starts and ends on the date listed on the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Order. If no start date is specified in an Order, the start date\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will be the Delivery date of the Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Third Party Content" means information, data, technology or materials\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 made available to you by any third party that you license and add to a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Hosted Service or direct Splunk to install in connection with a Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Service. Third Party Content includes but is not limited to, Third Party\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Extensions, web-based or offline software applications, data service or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 content that are provided by third parties.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Usage Data" means data generated from the usage, configuration,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 deployment, access and performance of an Offering. For example, this\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 may include such things as information about your operating\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 environment, such as your network and systems architecture, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 sessions, such as page loads and session views, duration, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 interactions, errors, number of searches, source types and format (e.g.,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 json, xml, csv), ingest volume, number of active and licensed users, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 search concurrency. Usage Data does not include Customer Content.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Exhibit to Splunk General Terms\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This Support Exhibit forms a part of the Splunk General Terms and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 governs your purchase, and Splunk's provision of Support Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 1. Support Programs\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Programs purchased as part of a Purchased Offering will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified in your applicable Order. Splunk will provide you the level of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Services described under the purchased Support Program,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subject to your payment of applicable Fees. "Support Programs" are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Support Programs offered by Splunk and identified here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 http://www.splunk.com/en_us/support-and-services/support-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 programs.html.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 2. Support Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Support Services" include technical support for your Purchased\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offerings, and, when available, the provision of Enhancements for your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Purchased Offerings, subject to the Support Policy described below.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Technical support under a Support Program is available via email or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 web portal, and certain Support Programs also make support available\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 via telephone. Support Services will be delivered by a member of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk's technical support team during the regional hours of operation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable under the Support Program. Support Services are delivered\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 in English unless you are in a location where we have made localized\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Services available.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 3. Support Policy\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Support Policy, provided here:\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 https://www.splunk.com/en_us/legal/splunk-software-support-policy.html\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 ("Support Policy") describes the duration of our Support Services for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 certain Splunk On-Premise Products and other policies associated with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our Support Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 As we release new versions for our Offerings, we discontinue Support\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services for certain older versions.  Our Support Policy sets forth the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 schedule for the duration of support, and end of support, for Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 versions.  The current versions of our Offerings that are supported\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 under our Support Policy, and will be our "Supported Versions" herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 For the avoidance of doubt, the Support Policy may not apply to Hosted\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services, and the product and services version we make available as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our Hosted Services will be deemed Supported Versions herein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 4. Case Priority\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Each Support Program offers different support levels for your case\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 priority levels. When submitting a case, you will select the priority for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 initial response by logging the case online, in accordance with the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 priority guidelines set forth under your Support Program. When the case\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 is received, we may in good faith change the priority if the issue does\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 not conform to the criteria for the selected priority. When that happens,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 we will provide you with notice (electronic or otherwise) of such change.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 5. Exclusions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We will have no obligation to provide support for issues caused by any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of the following (each, a "Customer Generated Error"): (i)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 modifications to an Offering not made by Splunk; (ii) use of an Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 other than as authorized in the Agreement or as provided in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Documentation; (iii) damage to the machine on which an On-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Premise Product is installed; (iv) use of a version of an Offering other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 than the Supported Version; (vi) third-party products that are not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 expressly noted in the Documentation as supported by Splunk; or (vi)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conflicts related to replacing or installing hardware, drivers, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 software that are not expressly supported by Splunk and described in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the applicable Documentation. If we determine that support requested\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 by you is for an issue caused by a Customer Generated Error, we will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 notify you of that fact as soon as reasonably possible under the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 circumstances. If you agree that we should provide support for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Customer Generated Error via a confirming email, then we will have the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 right to invoice you at our then-current time and materials rates for any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 such support provided by us.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 6. Support for Splunk Extensions\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Only Splunk Extensions that are labeled as "Splunk Supported" on\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunkbase, or other Splunk-branded marketplace, are eligible for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 support, and this support is limited. For those labeled Splunk Supported,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 we will provide an initial response and acknowledgement in accordance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with the P3 terms that are applicable in the applicable Support Program.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Enhancements for Splunk Extensions labeled as Splunk Supported\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 when made available. No other terms of a Support Program will apply to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 a Splunk Application. For those labeled as "Not Supported," Splunk will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 have no support obligations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 7. Authorized Support Contacts\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You are entitled to have a certain number of Support Contacts under\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 each Support Program. "Support Contacts" means the individual(s)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 specified by you that are authorized to submit support cases.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 The number of Support Contacts will be based on the Capacity of the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering purchased, and the applicable Support Program. The number\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of Support Contacts will be set forth in customer's entitlement\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 information on the Splunk support portal.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We only take support requests from, and communicate with, your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Support Contacts in connection with support cases. We strongly\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 recommend that your Support Contact(s) are trained on the applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering. In order to designate Support Contacts, you must provide the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 individual's primary email address and Splunk.com login ID.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 8. Defect Resolution\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Should we determine that an Offering has a defect, we will, at our sole\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 option, repair the defect in the version of the Offering that you are then\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 currently using or instruct you to install a newer version of the Offering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with that defect repaired. We reserve the right to provide you with a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 workaround in lieu of fixing a defect should we in our sole judgment\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 determine that it is more effective to do so.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 9. Your Assistance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Should you report a purported defect or error in an Offering, we may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 require you to provide us with the following information: (a) a general\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 description of your operating environment; (b) a list of all hardware\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 components, operating systems and networks; (c) a reproducible test\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 case; and (d) any log files, trace and systems files. Your failure to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provide this information may prevent us from identifying and fixing that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 purported defect.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 10. Changes to Support Programs\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You acknowledge that, subject to the Support Policy, and subject to any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 commitment we have under an Order with you, we have the right to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 discontinue the manufacture, development, sale or support of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offering, at any time, in our sole discretion. We further reserve the right\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to alter Support Programs from time to time, using reasonable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 discretion, but in no event will such alterations, during the Term of any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Order, result in diminished Support Services from the level of your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable purchased Support Program.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Configuration and Implementation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Exhibit to Splunk General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This Configuration and Implementation Services Exhibit forms a part of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the Splunk General Terms and governs your purchase, and Splunk's\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provision of Configuration and Implementation Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Capitalized terms below are defined in the General Terms, this\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Exhibit or in the Definition Exhibit attached to this Exhibit.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 1. Services and Statements of Work\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We will perform the C&I Services for you that are set forth in the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Statements of Work.  You will pay the Fees under each\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Statement of Work in accordance with these General Terms, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 otherwise as we may expressly agree in the applicable Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 In each Statement of Work, we will designate our primary point of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 contact for you for all matters relating to the applicable C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 (which we may change from time to time upon notice).\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 2. Our Personnel\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Qualifications. The Personnel we assign to perform the C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will be qualified, skilled, experienced and otherwise fit for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 performance of the C&I Services. If you, in your reasonable judgement,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 determine that Personnel assigned to your project are unfit, we will in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 good faith discuss alternatives, and we will replace Personnel as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 reasonably necessary. You acknowledge that any replacement may\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 cause delay in the performance of the C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Personnel Conduct. Our Personnel are subject to our Splunk Code of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Conduct and Ethics https://investors.splunk.com/code-business-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conduct-and-ethics-1, which includes, without limitation, an obligation to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 comply with our policies on protecting customer information, prohibitions\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 on illegal drugs and any impaired job performance, avoiding conflicts of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 interest, and acting ethically at all times. We also background check our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 employees, per the Section below.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Use of Subcontractors. We reserve the right to use subcontractors in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 performance of the C&I Services, provided: (a) any subcontractor we\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use meets the requirements herein and conditions of these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms and the Statement of Work; (b) we will be responsible for the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subcontractor's compliance with the terms herein and the Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work; and (c) upon your request or inquiry, we will identify any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subcontractor that we are using, or plan to use, for C&I Services, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 will cooperate in good faith to provide you with all relevant information\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 regarding such subcontractors.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 No Employee Benefits. We acknowledge and agree that our Personnel\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 are not eligible for or entitled to receive any compensation, benefits, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 other incidents of employment that you make available to your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 employees.  We are solely responsible for all employment related taxes,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 expenses, withholdings, and other similar statutory obligations arising\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 out of the relationship between us and our Personnel and the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 performance of C&I Services by such Personnel.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 3. Our Background Checks, Security and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Compliance Obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Compliance with Your Security Program. While on your premises,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 our Personnel will comply with your security practices and procedures\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 generally prescribed by you for onsite visitors and service providers.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 However, any requirement that is in addition to the compliance\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 requirements set forth in this Schedule (e.g., background checks that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 are different from the background checks described herein) must be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 expressly set forth in a Statement of Work. We agree to discuss in good\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 faith any condition or requirement you may have for our Personnel that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 are different from standard policies, however any additional requirement\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 may delay C&I Services, and must be vetted and implemented by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 mutual agreement of the parties and expressly set forth in a Statement\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of Work.  Splunk does not guarantee that it will be able to meet any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 additional requested requirements.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Security Practices. We implement and follow an enterprise\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 security program, with the policies, plans, and procedures set forth here\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 www.splunk.com/prof-serv-isa. Our Personnel will be subject to the data\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 protection and confidentiality obligations set forth in these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms with respect to any of your data that we may have access to in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 connection with the C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Background Checks. For U.S.-based projects, we will not assign an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 employee to perform C&I Services under a Statement of Work unless\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 we have run the following background check on the employee:  Criminal\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Felony & Misdemeanor; SSN Validation; Federal Criminal; SSN Trace;\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Employment Report - Three (3) Employers; Education Report - One (1)\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Institution; Global Sanctions & Enforcement; Prohibited Parties;\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Widescreen Plus National Criminal Search. You acknowledge that such\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 background checks may not be permitted or customary outside the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 United States.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Permissions for Access. In the event you require any Personnel to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 sign any waivers, releases, or other documents as a condition to gain\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 access to your premises for performance of the C&I Services ("Access\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Documents"),  you agree: (a) that Personnel who will be required to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 sign Access Documents will sign on behalf of Splunk; (b) that any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 additional or conflicting terms in Access Documents with these General\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Terms will have no effect; and (c) you will pursue any claims for breach\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 of any terms in the Access Documents against Splunk and not the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 individual signing.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 4. Your Materials\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We will have no rights in or to any Customer Materials, however you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 grant us the right to use Customer Materials in order to provide the C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services. Nothing in these General Terms will deemed to transfer to us\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any ownership of Customer Materials.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 5. C&I Services Materials and Customizations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Unique to You\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services Materials.  The C&I Services we perform (e.g.,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 configuration of our Offerings), and the C&I Services Materials we offer,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 create, and deliver to you in connection with the C&I Services, are\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 generally applicable to our business, and therefore we require the right\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 to be able to re-use the C&I Services Materials we create for one\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customer in connection with all of our customers.  For the avoidance of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 doubt, our use of the C&I Services Materials created for you in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 connection with C&I Services will comply with our ongoing obligations\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and restrictions with respect to your Customer Materials and your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Confidential Information, and we will not identify you in any way in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 connection with our further use of such C&I Services Materials.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Customer Owned Work Product.  However, in the unlikely event that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the parties agree that C&I Services Materials for a project are custom\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 work product unique to your business, and not applicable to other\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 customers generally, we will transfer ownership to those agreed C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Materials to you under the applicable Statement of Work. C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Materials must be expressly identified as "Customer Owned\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work Product" under a Statement of Work for ownership to pass to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you. Subject to payment of applicable Fees under the Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work, we hereby assign to you all rights, title and interest (including all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Intellectual Property Rights therein) in and to all C&I Services Materials\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified as Customer Owned Work Product (but excluding all Pre-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Existing Splunk IP incorporated into the Customer Owned Work\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Product).  At your request and expense, we will assist and cooperate\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 with you in all reasonable respects and will execute documents, and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 take such further acts reasonably requested by you to enable you to\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 acquire, transfer, maintain, perfect and enforce your ownership rights in\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 such Customer Owned Work Product.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our Ownership.  Subject to your ownership rights in Customer Owned\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work Product and Customer Materials, we will own all rights in and to all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services Materials.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 License Rights. For those C&I Services Materials that are not\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Customer Owned Work Product, you will have the right to access and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 use those C&I Services Materials in connection with your applicable\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Offerings, and those rights will be of the same scope and duration as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 your rights to the underlying Offering.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 6. C&I Services Warranty\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 We warrant that the C&I Services will be performed in a good and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 workmanlike manner consistent with applicable industry standards.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This warranty will be in effect for a period of thirty (30) days from the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 completion of any C&I Services.  As your sole and exclusive remedy\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and our entire liability for any breach of the foregoing warranty, we will,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 at our option and expense, promptly re-perform any C&I Services that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 fail to meet this warranty or refund to you the fees paid for the non-\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 conforming C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 7. Your Cooperation\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You acknowledge that your timely provision of (and our access to) your\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 facilities, equipment, assistance, cooperation, data, information and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 materials from your officers, agents and employees (the "Cooperation")\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 is essential to Splunk's performance of the C&I Services.  We will not be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 liable for any delay or deficiency in performing the C&I Services if you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 do not provide the necessary Cooperation.  As part of the Cooperation,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you will (1) designate a project manager or technical lead to liaise with\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 us while we perform the C&I Services; (2)  allocate and engage\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 additional resources as may be required to assist us in performing the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services; and (3) making available to us any data, information and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 any other materials reasonably required by us to perform the C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services, including any data, information or materials specifically\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified in the Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 8. Insurance\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Throughout any period of C&I Services we perform for you, we will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 maintain insurance policies in the types and amounts described below\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 at our own expense:\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Commercial General Liability Insurance with a limit of not less than\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 $1,000,000 per occurrence and a general aggregate limit of not less\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 than $2,000,000.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Business Auto Insurance with a limit of not less than $1,000,000 per\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 accident.  Such Insurance will cover liability arising out of "hired and\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 non-owned" automobiles.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Worker's Compensation Insurance as required by workers'\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 compensation, occupational disease and occupational health and safety\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 laws, statutes and regulations.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Technology Errors & Omissions Insurance with a limit of not less than\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 $3,000,000.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Umbrella/Excess Insurance with a limit of not less than $3,000,000.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 9. Change Order Process\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 You may submit written requests to us to change the scope of C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services described in a Statement of Work (each such request, a\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Change Order Request").  If we elect to consider a Change Order\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Request, then we will promptly notify you if we believe that the Change\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Order Request requires an adjustment to the fees or to the schedule for\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the performance of the C&I Services.  In such event, the parties will\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 negotiate in good faith a reasonable and equitable adjustment to the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 fees and/or schedule, as applicable.  We will continue to perform C&I\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services pursuant to the existing Statement of Work and will have no\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 obligation to perform any Change Order Request unless and until the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 parties have agreed in writing to such an equitable adjustment.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 10. Expenses\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Unless otherwise specified in the Statement of Work, we will not charge\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 you for our expenses we incur in connection with a Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Our daily C&I Services rates are inclusive of any expenses. In the event\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the parties agree that expenses are reimbursable under a Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work, we will mutually agree on any travel policy and any required\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 documentation for re-imbursement.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 11. Prepaid C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Unless otherwise expressly stated in a Statement of Work, all prepaid\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 C&I Services must be redeemed within twelve (12) months from the\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 date of purchase/invoice. At the end of the twelve (12) month term, any\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 remaining pre-paid unused C&I Services will expire; no refunds will be\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provided for any remaining pre-paid unused C&I Services. Unless\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 otherwise specifically stated in a Statement of Work, Education is\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 invoiced and payable in advance.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Configuration and Implementation\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Services Definitions Exhibit\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "C&I Services" means the services outlined in the Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "C&I Services Materials" means the materials and other deliverables\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 that are provided to you as part of the C&I Services, and any materials,\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 technology, know-how and other innovations of any kind that we or our\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Personnel may create or reduce to practice in the course of performing\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 the C&I Services, including without limitation all improvements or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 modifications to our proprietary technology, and all Intellectual Property\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Rights therein.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Customer Materials" means the data, information, and materials you\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 provide to us in connection with your use of the C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Fees" means the fees that are applicable to the C&I Services, as\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 identified in the Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Intellectual Property Rights" means all worldwide intellectual property\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights, including copyrights and other rights in works of authorship;\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 rights in trademarks, tradenames, and other designations of source or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 origin; rights in trade secrets and confidential information; and patents\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 and patent applications.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Offerings" means the products, services and other offerings that\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk makes generally available for purchase and use.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Orders" means Splunk's quote or ordering document (including online\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 order form) accepted by you via your purchase order or other ordering\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 document submitted to Splunk (directly or indirectly through an\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 authorized reseller) to order C&I Services.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Personnel" means any employee, consultant, contractor, or\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 subcontractor of Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Splunk Preexisting IP" means, with respect to any C&I Services\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Materials, all associated Splunk Technology and all Intellectual Property\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Rights created or acquired: (a) prior to the date of the Statement of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Work that includes such C&I Services Materials, or (b) after the date of\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 such Statement of Work but independently of the C&I Services provided\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 under such Statement of Work.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 "Statement of Work" means the statements of work and/or any all\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 applicable Orders that describe the specific services to be performed by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk, including any materials and deliverables to be delivered by\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 SPLUNK GENERAL TERMS (v1.2020)\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Do you agree with this license? [y/n]: y\cf1\highlight2 
\par 
\par \cf0\highlight0 This appears to be your first time running this version of Splunk.\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 Could not open log file "/opt/splunkforwarder/var/log/splunk/first_install.log" for writing (2).\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 First-time run failed!\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# rm -r /opt/splunkforwarder/\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant# ls /opt/\cf1\highlight2 
\par \cf0\highlight0 root@firewall:/home/etudiant#\cf1\highlight2 
\par \pard\cf0\highlight0\f2 
\par }
 